TS-iPASS
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
Welcome to TS-iPass
Hon’ble Minister Sri K.T.Rama Rao invited the Daegu Automotive Industry reps to
                                visit Telangana state & evaluate investment opportunities. Mr Choi Woon Back, Director
                                General,
Hon’ble Minister Sri K T RAMA RAO meets Mr Anthony Fernandes, CEO and Ms Aireen
                                Omar, Dy CEO of AirAsia Berhad at the Telangana pavilion at World Economic Forum,
The Telangana delegation headed by Hon’ble Minister Sri K T RAMA RAO meets Ms Petra
                                Laux, Head Global and Public Affairs Novartis at the state pavilion Davos,
Hon’ble Minister Sri. K.T.Rama Rao Business meeting with Takuma Co. Ltd, Japan -
                                Exploring waste management and smartcity
Hon’ble Minister Sri. K.T.Rama Rao Business meeting with with ISE Foods Inc., Japan
                                for investements in Food processing and Renewable sectors
Minister Sri. K.T.Rama Rao along with a team of delegates from Telangana state met
                                Mr. Mitsunobu Yamamoto, Deputy Director, Minebea Corporation, Japan
Minister Sri. K.T.Rama Rao met with Mr. Shinya Katafuchi, Meiji Seika Pharma in
                                Japan on 17-01-2018. Meiji Seika Pharma Co., Ltd. handles business in manufacturing
                                and sales of ethical pharmaceuticals, agricultural chemicals and veterinary drugs
Announcements
MEDHA SERVO DRIVES to setup Rail/Metro Coach Factory in Telangana with an investment of Rs.800 Crore  |  Gemini Edibles and Fats India (P) Ltd to invest Rs.200 Crore in Telangana (Yadadri District) for its Freedom Brand Edible Oil  |  Hon'ble Minister Sri. K.T. Rama Rao will be releasing the 2016-17 Annual Progress Report of Telangana Industries & Commerce department on 12th June 2017 at Tourism Plaza Hotel, Begumpet, Hyderabad.  |  Medical Devices Park at Sultanpur village, Patancheru Mandal to be launched  on 17th June 2017  |  Telangana State Ranks First in Ease of Doing Business-2016 with 98.78% score  |  Hon'ble Chief Minister Sri.K. Chandrasekar Rao has launched TS-iPASS  |  Telangana State Hon'ble Chief Minister Sri.K. Chandrasekar Rao has launched Telangana Industrial Policies  |
The Telangana Government has enacted the “Telangana State Industrial Project Approval and Self-Certification System (TS-iPASS) Act, 2014” (Act No.3 of 2014) for speedy processing of applications for issue of various clearances required for setting up of industries at a single point based on the self-certificate provided by the entrepreneur and also to create investor friendly environment in the State of Telangana.
Registration
Facebook
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
:: TS-iPASS ::
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
You are here
Downloads
TS-iPass
TS-iPass ACT
Timelines / Clearances
Central Inspection System Constitution
How to Apply
Checklist for Application
Videos Manuals Online Applications
Policies
Industrial Policy
S.No
GO No and Date
Subject
1
GO MS 41 Dt 11-06-2018
TS-iPASS - Rules - Telangana State Industrial Project Approval and Self Certification
System (TS-iPASS) Rules, 2015 — Amendment —Orders Issued
2
GO MS 79 Dt 25-10-2017
TS-iPASS - Rules - Telangana State Industrial Project Approval and Self Certification System (TS¬iPASS) Rules, 2015 — Amendment — Issued
3
GO MS 57 Dt 09-08-2017
TS-iPASS - Rules - Telangana State Industrial Project Approval and Self Certification System (TS-iPASS) Rules, 2015 — Revised Combined Application Form-Orders — Issued
4
GO MS 50 Dt 28-07-2017
TS-iPASS - Rules - Telangana State Industrial Project Approval and Self Certification System (TS¬iPASS) Rules, 2015 — Amendments — Issued
5
GO MS 35 Dt 03-06-2017
Industries & Commerce Department- Industrial Promotion - EODB – Creation of Investor 
Facilitation Cell – Orders – Issued.
6
GO MS 23 Dt 31-03-2016
Telangana State Industrial Project Approval and Self Certification System (TS-iPASS) Rules, 2015 – Revised User Charges – Orders – Issued
7
GO MS 92 Dt 23-12-2015
Rules - Telangana State Industrial Project Approval and Self Certification System (TS-iPASS) Rules,2015 – Amendments – Issued
8
GO MS 58 Dt 29-08-2015
Industrial Promotion – New Industrial Policy of Telangana State - Telangana State Industrial Project Approval and Self Certification System (TS-iPASS) - Establishment of "Industry Chasing Cell" in the office of the Hon’ble Chief Minister to pursue the approval of the proposals to set up Industries in the State- Orders – Issued.
9
GO MS 36 Dt 17-06-2015
Rules - Telangana State Industrial Project Approval and Self Certification System (TS-iPASS) Rules, 2015 - Orders– Issued.
10
GO MS 62 Dt 24-10-2016
Industries & Commerce Department - Telangana State Industrial Project Approval and Self Certification System (TS-iPASS) Rules, 2015 - Issued – further orders - Issued.
Related Department GO's
GO No/Memo and Date
Telangana Fire Service Act 1999
Fire Service Act 1999
Memo No 22477/Rev(LM)/A2/2016-1
Revenue (Land Matters) Department - Modalities for processing of the NALA Cases Under Non Agricultural Land assessment (NALA) Conversion to Industries Units - Instructions - Issued - Ragarding.
GO MS 223 Dt 30-08-2016
Mincipal Administration & Urban Development Department - Hyderbad Metropolitan Development Authority(HMDA) Area - Revision of rates of Development Charges - Orders - Issued
Memo No 7878/PTS.II/A1/2017 Dt 11-05-2018
Panchayat Raj & Rural Development (PTS.II) Department- GP NOC Not Required For Establishing Industries.
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
:: TS-iPASS ::
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
You are here
Information
                                Wizard
KNOW APPROVALS REQUIRED FOR YOUR BUSINESS
Pre-Establishment Approvals(CFE)
Pre-operational Approvals(CFO)
Procedure, Checklist and Timelines
TELANGANA STATE POLLUTION CONTROL BOARD (TSPCB)
Consent for Establishment (CFE) from TS Pollution Control Board
Application for Consent for Establishment (CFE):
The Proponent shall submit CFE Application on-line through TS-iPASS (https://ipass.telangana.gov.in).
The CFE applications are pre-scrutinized online at TS-iPASS to verify that the application is in full form with all required enclosures.
The deficiencies in the application will be informed by the scrutinizing officers. The nodal agency will obtain the information / documents from the proponent and send the applications in full form online to the respective Regional Office (RO) of the Board.
Processing of the Application:
After receipt of the application in full form from the nodal agency, the Regional Office of TSPCB will inspect the industry as per the procedure prescribed below.
On receipt of an application for consent under Section 25 or Section 26 of Water Act & under Section 21 of Air Act, the State Board may depute any of its officers accompanied by as many assistants as many be necessary to visit the premises of the applicant to which such application relates, for the purpose of verifying the correctness or otherwise of the particular furnished in the application or for obtaining such further particulars or information as such officer may consider necessary.
Such officer may for that purpose inspect any place where water or sewage or trade effluent is discharged by the applicant or treatment plants, purification works or disposal systems of the applicant, and may require the applicant to furnish to him any plants, specifications and other data relating to such treatment plants, purification works or disposal systems or any part thereof that he considers necessary.
The officer may inspect any place or premises, their emission from the chimney or fugitive emission from any location within the premises of the industry as also any control devices installed in the said premises, Such officer may for that purpose, inspect any place or premises under the control of the applicant or occupier and may require the applicant to furnish to him any plant specification or other data relating to control equipment or systems or any part thereof that he considers necessary.
The applicant shall furnish to such officer all information and provide facilities to conduct the inspection.
An officer of the State Board may, before or after carrying out an inspection as above, require the applicant to furnish to him, orally or in writing such additional information or clarification, or to produce before him such documents as he may consider necessary for the purpose of investigation of the application and may for that purpose summon the applicant or his authorized agent to the office of the State Board.
After inspection, the RO will process the application or forward the inspection report along with application and its enclosures to the Zonal Office (ZO)/ Head Office (HO) for processing the application, as per the delegated powers.
The decision on the application is taken based on the recommendations of the Consent for Establishment (CFE) Committees at RO/ZO/HO.
The officials of RO/ZO/HO will prepare an agenda enumerating details of the proposed project, observations and remarks of inspecting officer & Regional Office. The agenda   will be placed before the CFE Committee for examination and to take a decision.
The CFE Committee will give recommendations on the application.
The Board will issue CFE order based on the recommendations of the CFE Committee within the stipulated timelines which is valid for a period of 5 years
Checklist:
For Orange and Green Category Industries:
For Red Category Industries:
For EIA – 2016 category Industries:
Time Limits:
Red       : 21 days
Orange : 14 days
Green   : 7 days
Pre-Operational Approvals (CFO)
Consent for Operation (CFO) and Authorisation under Hazardous and other Wastes (Management & Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016 from TS Pollution Control Board
Application for Consent for Operation (CFO) and HWA:
The Proponent shall submit CFO/HWA Application on-line through TS-iPASS (https://ipass.telangana.gov.in).
The CFO applications are pre-scrutinized online through TS-iPASS to verify that the application is in full form with all required enclosures.
The decision on the application is taken based on the recommendations of the Consent for Operation (CFO) Committees at RO/ZO/HO.
The officials of RO/ZO/HO will prepare an agenda enumerating details of the proposed project, observations and remarks of inspecting officer & Regional Office. The agenda   will be placed before the CFO Committee for examination and to take a decision.
The CFO Committee will give recommendations on the application.
The Board will issue combined CFO & HWA order based on the recommendations of the CFO Committee within the stipulated timelines.
Site Plan
Process Flow Chart (Diagram)
CA Certificate indicating Fixed Assets
Consent Fee
Compliance report on CFE/CFO conditions
Red : 21 days
Green : 07 days
FIRE DEPARTMENT
Provisional NoC from Fire Services Department
Application for Provisional NoC:
The Proponent shall submit Application on-line through the TS-iPASS portal (https://ipass.telangana.gov.in/).
The applications are pre-scrutinized at by TS-iPASS and if any issues found, queries are raised to the applicant.
Once the queries have been answered or the applications is in complete form, they are sent to the Director General, Fire Services Department
Director General, Fire Services Department then assigns a committee to carry out the further processing of the application.
The assigned committee then reviews the application and undertakes site inspection to verify the abutting road width for fire vehicle access and over-head High Tension electrical lines.
Based on the inspection, the committee will send a recommendation to Regional Fire Officer for further verification of the application.
If the application and inspection are in order then the provisional order is digitally signed and shared in the user’s login space.
The user can view and download the digital copy of the provisional NOC in his login.
Checklist of Documents to be submitted with the Application
Site Plan/ as built plans of location, floor wise plan, terrace plan, section and elevation duly marking fire safety systems
Time Limits for receiving Provisional NoC after submission of Complete Application:
For Buildings under 15 mts height : 7 days
For Buildings above 15 mts height: 14 days
Pre-Operational Approvals(CFO)
Occupancy NoC from Fire Services Department
Application for Occupancy NoC
The Proponent shall submit Application on-line through the TS-iPASS portal (https://ipass.telangana.gov.in/ ).
Once the queries have been answered or the applications is in complete form, they are sent to the Director General, Fire Services Department.
Processing of the Application
The assigned committee then reviews the application and undertakes site inspection to verify the following:
If the application and inspection are in order then the occupancy order is digitally signed and shared in the user’s login space.
The user can view and download the digital copy of the occupancy NOC in his login.
Provisional NoC already obtained
Time Limits for receiving Occupancy NoC after submission of Complete Application :
FOREST DEPARTMENT
Tree Felling Permission from Forest Department
Application for Tree Felling:
The Proponent shall submit Application on-line through TS-iPASS (https://ipass.telangana.gov.in).
The applications are pre-scrutinized online at TS-iPASS to verify that the application is in full form with all required enclosures.
The deficiencies in the application will be informed by the scrutinizing officers. If the application is found to be in order, Divisional Forest Officer will forward application to Forest Range Officer. SMS/e-mail alert will be sent to the applicant.
After receipt of the application in full form, inspection will be scheduled
Inspection of proposed site for felling and checking will be carried out by Forest Range Officer and Forest Section Officer.
Post inspection, the Forest Range Officer will submit online inspection report to Divisional Forest Officer.
Applicant will be accorded or refused felling permission by uploading the signed copy of felling permission on receipt of security deposit and inspection report from F.R.O.
Applicant can submit appeal to the Conservator of Forests in case of disagreement with the order of Divisional Forest Officer
Based on appeal submitted by applicant the Conservator of Forests will dispose the appeal
Enumeration List of Trees to be felled
Certificate of Ownership of tree/forest produce by Tahsildar
Permission for felling Non-exempted trees : 15 days
Tree Transit Permission from Forest Department
Application for Tree Transit:
The applicant must fill the online application through the Forest Department website (http://forests.telangana.gov.in/).
The application must be complete in all manner.
This permission must be availed only after the Tree Felling permission has already been availed.
Forest Divisional Officer verifies the application and forwards the application to the Range Office for Inspection.
Forest Section Officer will be allocated for verification of the timber and ForestRange Officer will Test Check 10 % of the timber.
If the Status is High Risk theForest Divisional Officer will also test check 10 % of the Timber and upload theInspection Report.
SMS alert will be sent to the applicant on every stage.
After uploading the inspection report, the District Forest Officer verifies theinspection Report and Uploads the Transit Permission and SMS Alert will be sentto the applicant after which he can download the permission from his dashboard.
Tree Transit Permission: 30 days
COMMERCIAL TAXES DEPARTMENT
Profession Tax Registration from Commercial Tax Department
Application for Registration:
The Proponent shall submit Application on-line throughthe Commercial Tax Department portal (https://www.tgct.gov.in/). A GIS based jurisdictional mapping system is present to assist the dealers to locate their correct Jurisdiction.
The applications are pre-scrutinized online in the portal to verify that the application is in full form with all required enclosures.
The deficiencies in the application will be informed by the scrutinizing officers to the applicant.
If the application is found to be in order, the VAT/CST/TOT application shall be approved within 1 working day of the receipt of the application set
If any discrepancy is found in application or the uploaded documents then the Registering authority may raise a query with valid reasons. The dealer has to reply to the query within 7 days, else his online application is deemed to be cancelled. A new Application has to be made for Registration.
In case of rejection of a registration application, the Registering Authority should issue a rejection order by recording the reasons for such rejection in writing.
All Registration Applications are to be processed within 1 working day. i.e. either accept and issue TIN or raise a Query.
If the Registration application is accepted, TIN is generated and intimated to the dealer by e-mail.
Once the TIN is generated, the Registration Certificate is to be signed and uploaded to dealer’s login.
Common for all Registration:
For Professional Tax Enrolment:
For Professional Tax Registration:
For Entertainment Tax:
For all registrations : 1 day
ENERGY DEPARTMENT(SPDCL/NPDCL)
Electricity Connection from Energy Department
Application for Electricity Connection:
On receipt of the application, the Registering authority shall scrutinize the application along with the supporting documents.
If the application is found to be in order, the feasibility assessment will be carried out to ascertain whether electricity connection can be provided.
Post feasibility assessment, estimation will be carried out. Post estimation connection charges is ascertained for providing electricity connection. After estimation is carried out on payment of fees an approval copy will be sent to the applicant.
The applicant can decide whether to carry out the work through electricity department in which case electricity department will collect 100% of the charges and issue tender for the work to be carried out.
In case the applicant decides to carry out work on turnkey basis (hiring own contactor to carry out work), 10% of charges has to be paid to electricity department for supervisory charges and work can be carried out.
Post completion of extension works a work completion certificate along with CEIG certificate (For above 650 V connections) / Self certification form (for connections upto 650 V) has to be submitted to the authorities.
On receiving the work completion certificate an inspection will be carried out post which electricity will be released.
Checklist of Documents to be submitted with the Application:
Identification Proof
Ownership Document of the property
Timelines for Approval:
Where Right of Way is not required : 7 days
Where Right of Way is required : 15 days
HYDERABAD METRO DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY (HMDA)
Change of Land Use from Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority
Application for Change of Land Use:
The Proponent shall submitApplication on-line through TS-iPASS (https://ipass.telangana.gov.in)
The applications are pre-scrutinized online at TS-iPASS to verify that the application is in full form with all required enclosures
If the application is found to be in order, the department will undertake Title verification or technical inspections for the land
The recommendations are then forwarded to the senior officials and reaches the Metropolitan Commissioner for acceptance
If accepted, the change is published in Newspapers for inviting objections/suggestions for 7 days
The applicant is also intimated about the payment of conversion charges
Simultaneously, the Gazette notification intimation is also sent to the Commissioner of printing press, Govt. of Telangana
The government is informed about the application along with the previous details
After payment of the conversion charges  by the applicant and addressing the objections/suggestions, if any, as per publications, the final proposals are forwarded to Government for issuing of CLU orders
The Government will examine the same and the final orders on the change of land use will be issued
Site plan
Location plan
NOC from Irrigation & Revenue Department (in case of site near water body)
Ownership Documents
Change of Land Use: 30 days
Building Plan Approval from Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority
Application for Building Plan Approval:
The deficiencies in the application will be informed by the scrutinizing officers to the applicant
Once the file is submitted online along with the documents the File will be simultaneously forwarded to the Title Officer, Scrutiny Officer and site inspector
Initially the Title Scrutiny Officer will scrutinize and forward the application along with the observations and remarks to the scrutiny officer. Site inspector who is randomly selected by the computer will inspect the site as per the procedure prescribed and submits the reports within a week and forwards the file to technical scrutiny officer
Technical scrutiny officer will scrutinize and forward the application to the planning officer along with the remarks and observations.
At the level of Planning Officer / CPO will forward the application to the Director for further action
The application will move to the concerned Director for perusal and further action
Upon satisfying the compliance of all parameters Director recommends the file to Metropolitan Commissioner for approval/rejection
All MSB files, Gated community layouts & Layouts above 25 Acres will be directly routed to the CPO bypassing the Planning Officer
The Metropolitan Commissioner may Approve/Reject/Return the file for compliance of shortfalls if any. After approval of the file by MC, the Director will issue the fee intimation letter along with the conditions and inform the applicant to pay the Requisite Charges and to comply the conditions if any in the DC letter
On compliance of payment of required fee, conditions and mortgage, the digitally signed Proceedings & Drawings are issued from the concerned Director
Photographs of the site and approach road.
Auto CAD Drawing in Pre DCR Format
Location Plan drawn showing site and surrounding physical features
Structural stability certificate from structural engineer
Builder if any, the Architect and the Structural Engineer who designed the structure, should submit their present and permanent addresses and license copy
Geo Coordinates of the site under reference
Copy of Registered Sale Deed.
Registered Development Agreement of sale cum General Power of Attorney/ Registered lease deed
Pattadar Pass Book/ Title Deed issued by Revenue Authorities in case of no Sale Deed
Encumbrance certificate from 1st Jan 2000 till to date
Non Agricultural Land Assessment Certificate (NALA) from Competent Authority (R.D.O. of Concerned Area)
Building Plan Approval : 14 days
Occupancy Certificate from Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority
Application for Occupancy Certificate:
The Proponent shall submit Application on-line through HMDA website (http://www.hmda.gov.in/occupancy.aspx).
All the required documents must be uploaded with the application and the required fees must be paid online.
Once the application is submitted, the Technical Officer will scrutinize the drawing and submit the site inspection report in online prescribed format duly identifying the deviations if any.
Based on the inspection report further calculationof the compounding charges if deviations were observed i.e., only up to 10% of the sanctioned plan will be calculated.
After scrutiny the application will be forwarded to the higher officials (Planning Officer/Chief Planning Officer and Director) and then sent to Metropolitan Commissioner for final approval.
After approval, the Director will issue the Occupancy Certificate and 10% mortgaged area will be relinquished.
Building completion notice certified by the architect.
PDF drawing as per the construction.
Declaration cum Undertaking on Rs.100/- Non Judicial Stamp Paper duly signed by the Owner, Builder, Architect & Structural Engineer.
Photographs of the building.
Timelines for Approvals:
Occupancy Certificate : 8 days
DIRECTORATE OF TOWN AND COUNTRY PLANNING (DTCP)
Change of Land Use from Directorate of Town and Country Planning
If the application is found to be in order, it is forwarded to the Municipal Commissioner for further processing. The Commissioner provides his technical remarks and places the application in fornt of the Minicipal Council.
The application, after thorough verification, is forwarded to the Government by the Director of Town and Country Planning, along with the Council resolution and technical remarks of the Town planning staff.
Basing on the report of the Local Body and recommendations of the Director of Town and Country Planning, Govt. if agrees for change of land use in principle, a Memo will be issued requesting the Director of Town and Country Planning for submission of draft variation plan and schedule of boundaries and direct the Municipal Commissioner of the Local Body to collect development charges.
The Director of Town and Country Planning will prepare the Revised Part Proposed Land Use Map variation plan and forward the same to the Govt. along with the draft notification, schedule of boundaries and details of Development Charges paid, requesting the Government to issue notification
Basing on the information furnished by the Director of Town and Country Planning, a notification will be published in the State gazette, for calling objections and suggestions specifying a date on or after which such draft will be taken into consideration and shall consider any objection or suggestion received in respect of such draft from the council or any person affected by the scheme before the date specified.
If no objection are received within stipulated time Government will issue Confirmation Orders to the said change of land use and the same will be published in the official Gazette.
The Confirmation Orders will be communicated to the ULB/DT&CP for onward intimation to the applicant.
The final orders of the change in land use will then be available in the applicant login under TS-iPASS.
Topo plan
Link Documents
Latest Encumbrance Certificate
Latest Photographs showing the four sides of the site
Extract of Master Plan
F.M.B.Sketch / Tounch map
Approved Layout copy
GO for CLU of adjoining area
NOC from Irrigation/Revenue, if there are water bodies within/adjacent
NOC from Railway Aurthorities if the site is falling within 30m from the Railway Boundary / Property
NOC from Oil/ Gas Pipeline company, in case of the site is located in the vicinity of Oil/ Gas Pipeline.
NOC from the Defence institutions, in case the site is located within 500 mts of Military /Defence institutions
Extract of Google Map duly showing the site under reference.
Licence copy of the Technical Personnel issued by Concerned Authority
Building Plan Approval from Directorate of Town and Country Planning
The Proponent shall submit Application on-line through TS-iPASS (https://ipass.telangana.gov.in)
Once the application is submitted online along with the documents the application, a Town Planning staff is assigned for site inspection.
The TPBO/TPS carries out the field inspection, scrutinizes the proposal online with reference to Master Plan, Zoning Regulations & Building Rules and forwards, to Town Planning Section Head.
The Town planning Section Head submits his recommendation online to the Commissioner for approval / rejection / issue of endorsement of shortfall information
If the extent of plot area is 300-1000 sqmts, the proposal is forwarded online to Regional Director of Town Planning for technical clearance.
If the extent of plot area is above 1000 sqmts, the proposal is forwarded online to Director of Town & Country Planning for technical clearance.
If the proposals are in order, the applicant is informed to pay the fee online and furnish affidavits and undertakings for issue of Building permit.
The approved proceedings and the plans along with the application form from the Municipal Commissioner is made available online for communication of the Building Plans and Permit to the Applicant.
The final approval will be available in the applicant login after approvals.
Site Plan in .dwg format.
Link Documents.
Valid Id Proof
Khasara Pahanie for the year 1954/55 and latest year issued by Mandal Revenue Officer / Thasildar
Valid License copy of Architect renewed by COA or License copy of the engineer/Surveyor issued by the concerned authority
Encumbrance certificate from 1st Jan 1983 till to date
Extract of master plan / Base map / ILUP’s duly showing the site under
Latest Photographs of the site and its surroundings.
Location Plan / Topo plan drawn showing site and surrounding physical features
Self-Declaration by the Owner appointing the Architect
Building Plan Approval : 7 days
Occupancy Certificate from Directorate of Town and Country Planning
The Proponent shall submit Application on-line through CDMA website (http://www.cdma.telangana.gov.in/dpms).
Based on the inspection report further calculation of the compounding charges, if deviations were observed, will be calculated.
After scrutiny the application will be forwarded to the higher officials (Planning Officer/Chief Planning Officer and Director) and then sent to Director for final approval.
After approval, the Director will issue the Occupancy Certificate.
Building completion certificate issued by LTP.
Copy of sanctioned plan (If not issued through TS-iPASS).
Land value certificate issued by the Revenue Department (if deviations are made to Sanctioned plan).
Photographs of the constructed building.
TELANGANA STATE INDUSTRIAL INFRASTRUCTURE CORPORATION (TSIIC)
Land Allotment from Telangana State Industrial Infrastructure Corporation Ltd.
Application for Land Allotment:
The Proponent shall submit Application on-line through TSIIC website portal (www.tsiic.telangana.gov.in)
The application must be filled in complete form and all required documents must be uploaded. The proponent must also deposit the EMD amount
The application is then scrutinized online and any discrepancies in the application is communicated to the proponent
The submitted complete application is then checked for value or the size of the land to be allotted
If the land is of value more than 1 crore or of size more than 5 acres, then the application is sent to the Head office for sub-committee scrutiny and assessment. The sub-committee will then recommend the extent of land to be allotted
The application is then sent to State Level Allotment Committee (SLAC) with recommendation and they take the decision for approval or rejection
For lands below 1crore of value or less than 5 acre of area, the application will be sent to the Zonal Office for sub-committee scrutiny and assessment. The sub-committee will then recommend the extent of land to be allotted
The application will then be sent to District Investment Promotion Committee (DIPC) for approval
Once approved by the DIPC/SLAC the provisional allotment letter in favour of the applicant will be released
The allotment letter will also contain the entire amount of the land and the proponent must pay the required dues
After successful receipt of the payment the final allotment letter will be issued
The execution and registration agreement for sale of land shall then be executed
Following this the Physical possession of the land will be given
Detailed Project Report along with justification of land requirement and Process Flow Chart
Entrepreneur’s Memorandum part I/part II or Industrial Entrepreneur Memorandum (IEM) for large scale industries
Copy of partnership deed/MOA & AOA of the company/Society registration (as applicable)
Plant & machinery layout with details of greenery/lawn to be maintained (as per APPCB norms)
Caste certificate (mandatory for SC/ST)
Self-certified copy of address proof- Driving License/Passport/Voter ID
Self-certified copy of identity proof- PAN card
Land Allotment: 14 days
Building Permissionfrom Telangana State Industrial Infrastructure Corporation Ltd.
Application for Building Permission:
If the application is found to be in order, it will be forwarded to the Department login
If the building is less than 18 meters in height
c)	If the building is more than 18 meters in height
Self-Certification
Gram Panchayat NoC
Combined Site Plan
Detailed Building Plan
Mutation Copy
Ownership Document
Certification of Incorporation
Process flow chart
Building Permission : 7 days
Water Connection from Telangana State Industrial Infrastructure Corporation Ltd
Application for Water Connection:
a)	The Proponent shall submit Application on-line through TS-iPASS (https://ipass.telangana.gov.in)
b)	The applications are pre-scrutinized online at TS-iPASS to verify that the application is in full form with all required enclosures
c)	The deficiencies in the application will be informed by the scrutinizing officers to the applicant
a)	The submitted application will be sent to the concerned Zonal Manager
b)	The Zonal manager shall examine the feasibility of giving water based on the application submitted, with reference to the following aspects:
c)	If water supply is feasible and required documents are furnished, the Zonal Manager shall approve the water supply connection raise / issue a demand letter for payment of amount towards connection charge security deposit, augmentation charges / development charges in case where HMWSSB raises such a demand, water meter charges etc.
d)	On payment of the requisite charges as per demand letter, the IALA Commissioner will implement the water connection to the applicant
a)	Sale agreement /Sale deed / Lease deed
b)	Sanctioned Building Plan approval
c)	Occupancy Certificate
d)	Property tax receipt
e)	An affidavit written on Rs.100/- Non Judicial Stamp paper to the effect that the applicant shall abide by the various provisions of the HMWS & SB Act, 1989 and its Rules, Regulations and orders in force from time to time duly notarized
a)	Water connection approval: 14 days
Occupancy Certificate from Telangana State Industrial Infrastructure Corporation Ltd.
The Proponent/Authorized Architect shall submitApplication on-line throughthe TSIIC website (http://tsiic.telangana.gov.in/).
The submitted complete applications are forwarded to through the online system to the concerned authority.
The complete application also contains the Pre-DCR drawing, which is auto-scrutinized by the system. If the deviation is up to 10%, charges/penalty will be applicable and if the deviation exceeds 10% then the application should be rejected.
The application is also allocated a site inspection officer, who then carries out the site inspection with reference to drawings & site plan and submits their report along with the checklist.
The inspector will also verify whether the mortgage deed is registered or not.
After the system scrutiny and the recommendation of the inspector, the system will calculate the charges automatically based on the deviations, if any.
The application is then forwarded Commissioner/ EO for confirmation & approval.
Based on the recommendations by the inspecting officer, Commissioner/EO will recommend the mortgage relinquishment.
After relinquishment of Mortgage, Commissioner/EO will issue the Occupancy certificate.
Applicant undertaking of the Structural Engineer, Architect and Owner.
Building Completion notice.
Occupancy Certificate: 8 days
LABOUR DEPARTMENT
Registration of Principal Employers/ License for Contractors/ Registration under the Buildings and Other Construction Workers Act from Labour Department
Application for Registration/License
If the application is found to be in order, the department will allocate an inspector to conduct an Inspection.
The inspector then uploads the inspection report with their recommendation to the Department based on the inspection.
Commissioner of Labour reviews the report and if all are in order then the approval is digitally signed and shared in the user’s login space.
The user can view and download the digital copy of the approval in his login.
For Registration of Principal Employer’s establishment
For License for contractors
Registration under the Building and Other Construction Workers Act
For Registration of Principal Employer’s establishment : 30 days.
For License for contractors : 30 days.
For registration under the Building and Other Construction Workers Act : 15 days.
Registration under Shops and Establishment Act/ Registration of Establishment under Inter State Migrants Workmen Act from Labour Department
Application for Registration
For Registration under Shops and Establishment Act :
For Registration of Establishment under Inter State Migrants Workmen Act:
Timelines for Approvals :
Registration under Shops and Establishment Act : 30 days.
Registration of Establishment under Inter State Migrants Workmen Act : 30 days.
DIRECTORATE OF FACTORIES
Application for Factories License
Director of Factories reviews the report and if all are in order then the approval is digitally signed and shared in the user’s login space.
Registered sale deed/ Lease deed
Detailed building plan
Partnership deed/ Articles of Association
Copy of PAN card / Aadhar card
Previously approved plans and R No. of the Factory in case of additional construction or installation of machinery
Timelines for receiving Permission:
Factory Plan Approval : 7 days
Factories License from Directorate of Factories
If the application is found to be in order, the department will allocate an inspector to inspect the Factory premises.
Director of Factories reviews the report and if all are in order then the certificate is digitally signed and shared in the user’s login space.
The user can view and download the digital copy of the certificate in his login.
For Hazardous Industries
For All category of Industries
Factories License : 7 days
DIRECTORATE OF BOILERS
Pre-Operation Approvals(CFO)
Application for Registration of Boiler /Boiler Manufacturer/Boiler Erector
The Proponent shall submitApplication for Boiler registration on-line through TS-iPASS (https://ipass.telangana.gov.in). For Boiler Manufacturer / Erector the application must be submitted through online portal of Department of Boilers (https://tsboilers.cgg.gov.in ).
The applications are pre-scrutinized online to verify that the application is in full form with all required enclosures.
If the application is found to be in order, the department will allocate an inspector to inspect the installed Boiler.
Director of Boilers reviews the report and if all are in order then the certificate is digitally signed and shared in the user’s login space.
For Registration of Boilers:
For Boiler Manufacturer
For Boiler Erector:
For Boiler Registration : 14 days
For Boiler Manufacturer : 30 days
For Boiler Erector : 30 days
CHIEF COMMISSIONER OF LAND ADMINISTRATION (CCLA)
c)	The deficiencies in the application will be informed by the scrutinizing officers to the applicant.
a)	If the application is found to be in order, the application is sent to the RDO
b)	The RDO in turn forwards the application to the concerned Tahsildar for verification
c)	The Tahsildar in turn sends the RI and VRO for filed enquiry and the enquiry report is sent to the RDO
d)	Based on the results of the enquiry the RDO will either approve or reject the application
e)	The approved proceedings will be available for the applicant in their login
a)	Site plan
b)	Location plan
c)	NOC from Irrigation & Revenue Department (in case of site near water body)
d)	Ownership Documents
Timelines for Approvals
a)	Change of Land Use: 14 days
HYDERABAD METROPOLITAN WATER SUPPLY AND SEWERAGE BOARD
Water Connection from Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply & Sewerage Board
The submitted application will be sent to the concerned officer
The officer shall undertake an inspection to examine the feasibility of giving water based on the application submitted
If water supply is feasible and required documents are furnished, the officer shall forward the application for approval
After approval by the authority further payment details for the connection are shared with proponent
On payment of the requisite charges within the prescribed timelines, the Approving authority will implement the water connection to the applicant
Registered owner ship Deed
GHMC/Municipal building sanctioned plan
GHMC/Municipal Tax assessment receipt
No objection Certificate if it is in specified locality
House site Patta certificate (f) Slum area certificate if it is in slum areas
Occupancy Certificate issued by the GHMC/ Municipal Corporation if the plot area is morethan 200 Sq.Mtrs and building height is above 6mtrs excluding stilt floor)
An affidavit written on Rs.20/- Non judicial stamp paper to the effect that the applicant shall abide by the various provisions of the HMWS&S Act, 1989 and its Rules, Regulationsand orders in force from time to time, duly notarized
Water connection approval: 14 days
DRUGS CONTROL ADMINISTRATION
Retail Drug License/Wholesale Drug License/ Drug Manufacturing License from Drug Control Administration
Application for Retail Drug/ Wholesale Drug/ Drug Manufacturing License
The Proponent shall submit the application for Drug Manufacturing License on-line through TS-iPASS (https://ipass.telangana.gov.in) and the Retail Drug License/Wholesale Drug License through the online portal of Drug Control Administration (http://odls.telangana.gov.in/ ).
The applications are submitted online along with all the required documents and the requisite fees is paid online.
The submitted applications are then pre-scrutinized throughthe portal to verify that the application is in full form with all required enclosures.
The deficiencies in the application will be informed by the scrutinizing officers to the applicant, who must then replay with the appropriately.
On receipt of the completed application form,the DCA official will schedule an inspection of the premises/unit to check the following:
For Grant Manufacturing Licenses:
For Sale Licenses:
Based on the inspection of the unit the DCA official will submit an Inspection report to senior officials with their recommendations.
Based on the recommendation, the application will be approved or rejected. Once approved, applicant can download the final approved certificate through the online portal.
For Retail Drug License
For Wholesale License
For Drug Manufacturing License:
For all Licenses : 14 days
ROADS AND BUILDINGS DEPARTMENT
Application for Road Cutting Permission/Right of way
The Proponent shall submit the application on-line through the Roads and Buildings department portal (www.tsroads.gov.in).
The applicant must submit all the required documents along with the documents.
After the submission, the application will be sent to the approval authority.
The approval authority then verifies the application and if found to be in order, then it is cleared for inspection.
The inspector undertakes the inspection and submits a final recommendation for final fees calculation.
Based on the recommendations by the inspector the final fees is calculated and the applicant will be intimated about the final fees.
The applicant must pay the remaining fees and an acknowledgement will be generated.
After the successful payment the final permission will be accorded and can be downloaded by the applicant.
Covering Letter Requesting the Road Cutting / Right of Way Permission
Route/Road Map with Clear Road Dimension Details, Planned Activities, Location/Address
Right of way permission : 7 days
DEPARTMENT OF ELECTRICAL INSPECTORATE
Application for Drawing Approval
The Proponent shall submit Application on-line through the TS – iPASS portal (https://ipass.telangana.gov.in)
The applications are then sent to Department for scrutiny.
Scrutiny of the forms are carried out and if there is any query it will be visible on the dashboard.
Post query resolution, department will raise the amount for payment for design approval.
Once the payment is made, the applicant will receive the payment acknowledgement.
If any further query is raised by department it will be visible on the dashboard.
Incase no query is raised or query is resolved department will issue an approval or Conditional approval and it will be available on the dashboard
Agreement letter between Contractor and Owner
Contractor License Copy
Supervisor permit copy of the electrical in charge of the company
Electrical single line diagram from point of commencement of supply to the end use of electrical energy
The structural layout showing plan and elevations with sectional and safe clearances
Timelines for receiving Drawing Approval after submission of Complete Application:
Electrical Drawing Approval – 14 days
Installation Certificatefrom Department of Electrical Inspectorate
Application for Installation Certificate
The Proponent shall submit Application on-line through the Department of Electrical Inspectorate portal (http://ceigts.cgg.gov.in).
Once the documents are uploaded, payment for the application has to be made, once the payment is made, the applicant will receive the acknowledgement for payment.
On receiving the payment, department will start the pre-scrutiny will be carried out for the documents submitted. Based on the pre-scrutiny the department can raise query which will be visible on the dashboard.
Once the query is resolved, inspection will be scheduled for the site.
After completion of inspection, Form of order will be uploaded on the applicant’s dashboard, the applicant has to respond to the defects, if any raised by the department. Once the defects has been resolved, the applicant has to submit the compliance report.
The department will review the compliance report and if required raise query, once the query is resolved the department will issue the Approval Certificate. The certificate will be available in the dashboard.
Work Completion Report from Supplier
Work Commencement Report(WR-I)
Work Completion Cum Test Report(WR-II)
List of Load Particulars
Transformer and other HV/EHV equipment test certificate
Copy of electrical design approval
Timelines for receiving Installation certificate after submission of Complete Application:
Pre Scrutiny of Application submitted towards Electrical Installation Certificate within 3 working days from date of submission of Application.
Inspection of the Installation will be conducted by the officer within 7 working days from date of completion of pre scrutiny.
Form of Order will be issued within 48 hours of after inspection.
Electrical Installation Certificate will be issued within 7 working days after submission of satisfactory compliance Report.
CONTROLLER OF LEGAL METROLOGY
Registration Under Legal Metrology Act from Controller of Legal Metrology
The Proponent shall submitApplication on-line through TS-iPASS (https://ipass.telangana.gov.in).
If the application is found to be in order, the department will allocate an inspector to inspect the Establishment premises.
The inspector then uploads the inspection report with their recommendation to the Department based on the inspection, which is sent to the Assistant Controller.
The Assistant Controller then reviews the submitted recommendation and along with submitted application. They then recommend for approval or rejection to the Controller of Legal Metrology.
Controller of Legal Metrology reviews the recommendations and if all are in order then the certificate signed and shared in the user’s login space.
Manufacturer
Dealer License
Repairer License
For Registration of Manufacturer/Packer/Importer
For all registrations/Licenses : 15 days
REGISTRATION AND STAMPS DEPARTMENT
Firm/Society Registration from Registration and Stamps Department
Application for Firm/Society Registration:
The Proponent shall submitApplication on-line throughthe Registration & Stamps Department portal (http://registration.telangana.gov.in/registrationFirmsProcedure.jsp)
The applications must be filled as per instructions and submitted with the required documents
The original documents are also to be submitted through courier to the concerned District Registrar Officer
If the application is found to be in order and on the receipt of the documents in the office are meeting requirements, then the application is approved
Once approved, the certificate will also be issued and the applicant can download it through the Registration & Stamps department website
For Firm Registration:
For Society Registration:
Address proof of EC Members
Passport Size photographs of all EC Members
Registered lease agreement if office is in rented premises or Declaration if office is in own premises and no rent is collected from Society
For all registrations : 3 days
Document Registration from Registration and Stamps Department
Application for Document Registration
a) The applicant enter the details and prepare the document using the online portal in the Registration & Stamps Department portal (http://registration.telangana.gov.in/TPDE/)
b) The applicant also provides the details of parties involved and the property to be registered
c) The applicant then pays the applicable fees the through the e-Stamps system
a)	After payment, the user is provided an option to book slots and hey choose the appropriate slot for document presentation
b)	The document is presented to the Sub-registrar and it is verified during the allotted slot
c)	After successful verification the registered document is presented to the applicant
a)	The original document bearing signature of all parties
b)	Challan/DD evidencing payment of full stamp duty, transfer duty (if any),Registration fee and user charges
c)	Section 32A photo form of executants/claimants/witnesses
d)	Two credible persons (witnesses), who will identify the parties and identity cards with photos of such persons
e)	Address proof of the executants and witnesses
f)	Photograph capturing Frontal view of the property (8/6 inches)
g)	GPA /SPA, if any in original and its Photostat copy
h)	Link documents copies
i)	Webland copy in respect of agricultural properties
j)	Pattadaar passbooks and title deeds in original and their copies in respect of agricultural property transactions
Timelines for Registration
a)	Document Registration : 1 day
CDMA
Trade License from Commissioner and Director of Municipal Administration
Application for Trade License:
a)	The Proponent shall submit Application on-line through CDMA website (http://cdma.telangana.gov.in/tradeapp)
b)	The applications are to be filled completely and all the required documents as per the checklist are also to be uploaded
c)	The proponent must also pay the trade fee through the online payment gateway
a)	The submitted application will be submitted to the Sanitary Inspector for verification. The Inspector will verify the documents and submit their recommendation to the Commissioner
b)	The Commissioner will again verify the application received from the Sanitary Inspector
c)	Based on the recommendation and the submitted application, the Municipal Commissioner will approve or reject the application
d)	Approved applicants can download the final digital signed Trade License using the Unique Application number through the CDMA web portal
a)	Identification Proof
b)	Lease deed/ Legal Occupancy certificate
a)	Factory Plan Approval : 15 days
GHMC
Building Plan Approval from Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation
a)	Once the file is submitted online along with the documents the File will be simultaneously forwarded to the Title Officer, Scrutiny Officer and site inspector
b)	Initially the Title Scrutiny Officer will scrutinize and forward the application along with the observations and remarks to the scrutiny officer. Site inspector who is randomly selected by the computer will inspect the site as per the procedure prescribed and submits the reports within a week and forwards the file to technical scrutiny officer
c)	Technical scrutiny officer will scrutinize and forward the application to the planning officer along with the remarks and observations.
d)	At the level of Planning Officer / CPO will forward the application to the concerned officer for further action
e)	The application will move to the concerned officer for perusal and further action
f)	Upon satisfying the compliance of all parameters the officer recommends the file to the Approving Authority for approval/rejection
g)	All MSB files, Gated community layouts & Layouts above 25 Acres will be directly routed to the CPO bypassing the Planning Officer
h)	The Authority may Approve/Reject/Return the file for compliance of shortfalls if any. After approval of the file, the fee intimation letter along with the conditions are informed to the applicant for payment of the Requisite
i)	On compliance of payment of required fee, conditions and mortgage, the digitally signed Proceedings & Drawings are issued and available in the login
a)	Photographs of the site and approach road.
b)	Auto CAD Drawing in Pre DCR Format
c)	Location Plan drawn showing site and surrounding physical features
d)	Structural stability certificate from structural engineer
e)	Builder if any, the Architect and the Structural Engineer who designed the structure, should submit their present and permanent addresses and license copy
f)	Geo Coordinates of the site under reference
g)	Copy of Registered Sale Deed.
h)	Registered Development Agreement of sale cum General Power of Attorney/ Registered lease deed
i)	Pattadar Pass Book/ Title Deed issued by Revenue Authorities in case of no Sale Deed
j)	Encumbrance certificate from 1st Jan 2000 till to date
k)	Non Agricultural Land Assessment Certificate (NALA) from Competent Authority (R.D.O. of Concerned Area)
a)	Building Plan Approval : 14 days
GROUND WATER
Permission to Dig Bore-well from Ground Water Department
Application for Bore-well Permission:
a)	The submitted application will be sent to the concerned officer
b)	The officer shall undertake an inspection to examine the feasibility of digging a bore-well based on the application submitted
c)	If digging is feasible and required documents are furnished, the officer shall forward the application for approval
d)	After approval by the authority the permission is provided to the proponent
a)	Photocopy of Pattadar Passbook/Title Deed/1B Extract/ Registered sale deeds of the Lands
a)	Bore-well Permission: 14 days
IRRIGATION
Permission from Irrigation Department
Application for Permission:
b)	The officer shall undertake an inspection to examine the feasibility of water supply based on the application submitted
d)	After approval the additional cost is intimated to the proponent
e)	Once payment is completed, the authority grants permission to the proponent
a)	Permission from Department: 14 days
PANCHAYATRAJ DEPARTMENT
Gram Panchayat NoC from Gram Panchayat
Note : "As per the New Panchay Raj Act (No.5 of 2018 published in gazette on 30-03-2018) and Memo (No.7578/Pts.II/A1/2017 Dt 11.05.2018) GP NOC (No Objection Certificate from Panchayat Secretary of Village) is no longer required for establishing industries."
Click here For Memo
NOC FOR EXPLOSIVES LICENSE FROM COLLECTOR
NoC for Explosives License from Collector
The submitted application will be sent to the concerned Collector’s office.
The allotted officer shall scrutinize the application and recommend to Collector for approval/rejection.
Based on the recommendation of the officer the Collector will approve/reject the application.
After approval the NoC will be available in the user’s login.
Identity proof.
Address proof.
Verification report from Police.
Grant of NoC: 30 days
INDUSTRIES DEPARTMENT (INCENTIVES)
Industrial Incentives in the State of Telangana
S.No.
Scheme
Operational period
Relevant orders issued by Industries & Commerce (IP & INF) Department
1
T-IDEA
1/1/2015 to 31/3/2019
Scheme:
GO Ms No. 28
GO Ms No. 77
GO Ms No. 62
2
T-PRIDE (for SC, ST & PHC)T-PRIDE (for SC, ST & PHC)
GO Ms No. 29
GO Ms No. 78
GO Ms No. 36
3
Extension of IIPP 2010-15
1 year extension for availing incentives
GO Ms No. 30
4
IIPP 2010-15
1/7/2010 to 31/3/2015
GO Ms No. 61
GO Ms No. 42
Nature of Incentives:
The following incentives can be claimed through the online incentive application system through the TS-iPASS portal:
Investment Subsidy.
Reimbursement of Stamp Duty, Transfer Duty, Mortgage Duty, Land Conversion charges, Reimbursement of Land Cost purchased in IE / IDA / IE.
Reimbursement of Power Tariff.
Reimbursement of Interest Subsidy under Pavala Vaddi scheme.
Reimbursement of Sales Tax.
Grant of seed capital assistance.
Reimbursement of certification charges for acquiring quality certification.
Reimbursement of cost of equipment purchased for cleaner production measures.
Reimbursement of cost involved in skill upgradation and training.
Sanction of Industrial Infrastructure fund (IIDF).
Advance Subsidy claim for SC, ST & PHC enterprises.
Procedure for filing of incentive applications:
Nature of claim
Filing period
Supporting documents
1.
Investment Subsidy 
(one time claim)
Within 6 months of Date of commencement of production (DCP)
•	All documents as per check slip
2.
Reimbursement of Stamp Duty etc.,
(one time claim)
Within 6 months of DCP
3.
Reimbursement of Power Tariff
(5 years from DCP)
Within 6 months after completion of every half year (F.Y)
•	All documents as per check slip during 1st claim
During subsequent claims
4.
Reimbursement of Interest Subsidy under Pavala Vaddi scheme(5 years from DCP)
5.
Reimbursement of Sales Tax (5 years from DCP)
6.
Grant of seed capital assistance
Within 6 months from date of sanction of term loan
7.
Reimbursement of certification charges
Within 6 months from obtaining quality certification
•	Certificate from GM, DIC confirming functional status at the time of acquiring ISO 9000 / ISO 14001 / HACCP Certificate
8.
Reimbursement of cost of equipment purchased for cleaner production measures
9.
Reimbursement of cost involved in skill up gradation and training
Within 6 months from completion of training program
10.
Sanction of Industrial Infrastructure fund (IIDF)
Before DCP or within 6 months from the DCP
11.
Advance Subsidy claim for SC, ST & PHC enterprises
After sanction of term loan by the Financing institution Twice prior to DCP
Application for Incentives
The proponent shall obtain UdyogAadhar after the Date of Commencement of Production in their industry/establishment.
The proponent must then apply for the incentives through TS-iPASS online portal (https://ipass.telangana.gov.in).
The common application with all the required documents and information is submitted.
Following the submission of the application, it will be forwarded to the respective GM, DIC.
The GM will then conduct pre-scrutiny of the application and raise queries, if any.
Then an inspector will be assigned to conduct inspection of the unit and to provide recommendation.
After that, the application along with recommendation of the inspector will be submitted for further processing to the GM, DIC.
For applications from manufacturing Industries with investment in of less than 25 lakh in machinery and for services industry with investment of less than 10 lakh in equipment, the application will be sent to the District Level Committee and all the other cases will be sent to State level committee by the GM, DIC.
District Level Case
In case of District level applications, the application will be placed in-front of the DIPC for approval.
Based on the application and recommendation from the inspection, the DIPC will take a decision in the meeting and the minutes will be Communicated to the Commissioner of Industries (CoI).
After the minutes are communicated, the sanction letter will be issued to the proponent.
CoI will maintain a seniority list for release of the incentives. Separate list for Power/ Pavala and others will be maintained. Also separate list for SC/ST for Service/Manufacturing and passenger vehicles.
State Level Case
For state level applications, it will be forwarded to Joint Director, Commissionerate of Industries where all shortfalls will be obtained.
The document will then be forwarded to Additional Director, who in turn will put up the application in front of the Scrutiny cum Verification Committee (SVC). The SVC will meet and scrutinize the application.
If the application is found to be in order then it is placed in front of SLC for approval with the recommendation of the SVC.
SLC will approve the application based on the recommendations received. Once approved, the sanction letter will be issued.
After the sanction letter is issued, the release proceeding will be prepared .
The seniority list of all sanctioned incentive applications will be maintained by COI for release of the incentives. Separate list for Power/ Pavala and others will be maintained. Also separate list for SC/ST for Service/Manufacturing and passenger vehicles.
Release Process:
After the list is created, the Budget release order/ Administrative Sanction will be granted by the Government.
Based on the list the senior-most industrial units will be identified for disbursement of incentives.
The details of the selected units will be sent to the respective GM, DIC for verification of running status of the unit.
GM, DIC then shares the running status to the CoI recommending for release of funds.
Then the incentives are disbursed through online to the Bank account submitted by the applicant.
Checkslip of Documents for Submission with Application:
(Approval Certificates need to be uploaded, if the applicant has not recived them through TS-iPASS)
Certificate from the financing institution concerned showing term loan released and the value of assets acquired as on prior to filing of claim/within 6 months from the date of commencement of commercial production whichever is earlier together with other details and machinery statement as a statement of account in the form prescribed with attested copies of bills in case of institutionally financed Enterprises/industries (OR) List of Plant & Machinery & Equipment purchased and installed in the prescribed form with attested copies of bills and payment proof in respect of self financed Enterprises/industries.
Caste Certificates issued by Tahsildar/ M.R.O's concerned in case of SC/ST Entrepreneur.
Aadhar of the Entrepreneur.
PAN Card of the Entrepreneur.
Certificate from the Chartered Accountant and % of holding of equity in the company by each partner/director.
Regd. Partnership Deed/Articles of Association and Memorandum of Association in case of Pvt. Ltd and Limited companies along with incorporation certificate / Bye-laws in case of Indl. Cooperative along with Registration Certificate.
Approval of Director of Factories.
Boilers Certificate.
Approval of Director of Town & Country Planning / UDA.
Regular building plans approval of Municipality or Gram Panchayat.
Consent for Operation from TSPCB/Acknowledgement from the General Manager, DIC concerned.
Power release Certificate from TSTRANSCO/DISCOM.
Environmental clearance.
EM Part – I full set/IEM/IL.
Udyog Aadhar.
Project Report.
Term loan sanction letters.
Board Resolution authorizing to sign and file claim etc., in case of Pvt./Ltd., Companies, Cooperatives and similar authorization in respect of partnership firms.
Registered land Sale deed/Premises Lease deed.
C.A. and C.E. Certificate regarding 2nd hand plant & machinery.
C.E. Certificate for Self fabricated machinery.
BIS Certificate.
Drug License.
Explosive License.
VAT/CST/GST Certificate.
Production particulars for the last 3 years as per fixed capital investment and Line of Activity of the application duly certified by CA for the 1st time of the claim, if it is expansion / diversification project.
RTA Certificate.
PH Certificate.
Undertaking and Finance Certificate Prescrbed Format.
Photo of the applicant along with the equipment in respect of mobile units.
Timelines for Incentive Sanction and Disbursement Process
Issue of acknowledgement/ intent letter : 7 days.
Issue of sanction letter : 30 days.
Release of Subsidy : within 15 days from the issue of Letter of credit (LoC).
Recovery of Incentives:
Incentives released shall be liable to be recovered in the following circumstances:
Misrepresentation of facts
Enterprise goes out of production within 6 years i.r.o Micro and Small enterprises and 10 years for Medium, large & Mega enterprises
Fails to furnish information when called upon
Effects change of management without prior approval from Financial Institution and SLC
The unit shifts part or whole of the industry or leases out without prior approval of SLC
The enterprise is sold without prior approval of SLC
The enterprise takes up change in management without approval of SLC
The unit goes for additional power load, expansion / diversification or change of line of activity already considered for sanction without prior approval of SLC
Merger or amalgamation taken up without prior approval of the SLC
There is break in production for a period of more 3 years due to valid reasons which can be condoned by SLC
LEVIES IMPOSED BY STATE AND LOCAL BODIES
List of Levies imposed by State and Local Bodies not subsumed under GST
Excise Duty by Revenue (Prohibition & Excise) Department
Excise Duty Rates and Tariffs:
The User can view the rates and tariffs for Excise Duty under the following URL:
http://test.cgg.gov.in:8084/TSEXCISE/projectdocs/state_levies.pdf
Online Payment of Duty:
The User can pay the Excise Duty online through the following URL:
http://tgexcise.nic.in/microbrewery/index.html#/login
Profession Tax by Commercial Tax Department
Profession Tax Rates and Tariffs:
The User can view the rates and tariffs for Profession Tax under the following URL:
https://www.tgct.gov.in/tgportal/
Under the URL the User must select the tab All Acts > PT > Schedule for the teriffs schedule
The User can pay the Profession Tax online through the following URL:
https://www.tgct.gov.in/tgportal/DLRServices/Payments/e-PaymentGen.aspx
Online Registration:
The User can register under Profession Tax through the following URL:
https://tgct.gov.in/tgpt_dealer/Login/Mail_Registration.aspx
Online Return Filing:
The User can file their online returns for Profession Tax through the following URL:
https://115.249.62.206/tgpt_dealer/Returns/dealer_login.aspx
Online Third Party Verification:
The third parties can verify the registered users through the following URL:
The third parties must click on the link "Verify TIN (All Acts)" under Verification tab on the homepage
Receipts under State Motor Vehicles Taxation Act by Transport Department
Transport Tax Rates and Tariffs:
The User can view the rates and tariffs for receipts under State Motor Vehicles Act under the following URL:
http://www.transport.telangana.gov.in/
The User must click on the Taxes tab to view the rates and tariffs
The User can pay the Quarterly tax online through the following URL:
https://tgtransport.net/tgcfstonline/OnlineFeeCollection/TAxPayOnline.aspx
The User can pay the Green tax online through the following URL:
https://tgtransport.net/tgcfstonline/OnlineTransactions/GreenTaxOnline.aspx
The User can register for payment of the taxes through the following URL:
https://tgtransport.net/TGCFSTONLINE/OnlineTransactions/OnlineDelaerFreshRegNew.aspx
https://tgtransport.net/TGCFSTONLINE/Dealer/DealerSearch.aspx
Stamp Duty and Registration Fees by Revenue (Registration & Stamps) Department
Stamp Duty & Registration Fee Rates and Tariffs:
The User can view the rates and tariffs for Stamp Duty under the following URL:
https://registration.telangana.gov.in/StampFees.pdf" >  https://registration.telangana.gov.in/StampFees.pdf
The User can view the rates and tariffs for Registration Fees under the following URL:
https://registration.telangana.gov.in/registrationfee.jsp" > https://registration.telangana.gov.in/registrationfee.jsp"> https://registration.telangana.gov.in/registrationfee.jsp
http://registration.telangana.gov.in/TPDE/documentNature.jsp
The User can register for payment of the Duty through the following URL:
The third parties can verify the approved certificates through the following URL:
http://registration.telangana.gov.in/ts/DeedDetails.do?method=getDistricts
Electricity Duty by Energy Department
Electricity Duty Rates and Tariffs:
The user can view the rates and tariffs for Electricity Duty applicable for TSSPDCL under the following URL:
https://www.tssouthernpower.com/framework/skins/CPDCL_SKIN/Pdfs/EoDB/AP%20Electricity%20Duty%20Act,1939%20.pdf
The user can view the rates and tariffs for Electricity Duty applicable for TSNPDCL under the following URL:
http://www.tsnpdcl.in/ShowProperty/NP_CM_REPO/Pages/Media/Announcements/2017/ELECTRICITY%20DUTY%20ACT,%201939
The User can pay the Electricity Duty online for TSSPDCL through the following URL:
https://www.tssouthernpower.com/CPDCL_Home.portal?_nfpb=true&_pageLabel=CPDCL_Home_portal_page_705
The User can pay the Electricity Duty online for TSNPDCL through the following URL:
http://www.tsnpdcl.in/NPDCL_Home.portal;jsessionid=GtlJZ0jJZwvzzQwjx1b6JKgJpn3gQQWch93J5Zv29qHFrvd1Jhbk!-1967955649?_nfpb=true&_pageLabel=NPDCL_Home_portal_page_150
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
:: TS-iPASS ::
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
S.No.
Name of the Department
Address
Website Address
1
Boilers Department
Director of Boilers,
Email: dob_boilers@telangana.gov.in
tsboilers.cgg.gov.in
2
Chief Commissioner of Land Administration (LA)
CCLA,
Phone: 040 23200027.
ccla.telangana.gov.in
webland.telangana.gov.in
mabhoomi.telangana.gov.in
3
Chief Electrical Inspector to Government (CEIG)
CEIG,
Phone: 040-23450367.
--
4
Commercial Taxes Department
Commissioner Commercial Taxes,
Phone: 040-24732351
tgct.gov.in
5
Commissioner & Director of Municipal Administration (CDMA)
Commissioner & Director of Municipal Administration Department
Phone: 040 23302150
cdma.gov.in
6
Directorate of Town & Country Planning
DTCP,
Phone:
                        040 23314622
dtcp.telangana.gov.in
7
Drugs Control Administration (DCA)
Director,Drugs Control Administration,
Phone: 040 23713563
dca.telangana.gov.in
8
Factories Department
Director of Factories,
Phone: 040 23261306
tsfactories.cgg.gov.in
9
Forest Department
PRL. CHIEF CONSERVATOR OF FORESTS (HoFF),
Phone: 040 23231538
forest.telangana.gov.in
10
Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation
Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation,
Phone: 040-23224564
ghmc.gov.in
11
Ground Water Department (GW)
GW Department,
12
Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA)
Metropolitan Commissioner,
Phone: 040 27003313
hmda.gov.in
13
Hyderabad Metropolotal Water Supply & Sewerage Board (HMWSSB)
HMWSSB,
Phone: 040 23442844,100 / 101
hyderabadwater.gov.in
14
Irrigation Department
Phone:040 2339 0411
irrigation.telangana.gov.in
15
Kakatiya Urban Development Authority (KUDA)
Kakatiya Urban Development Authority
kuda.in
16
Labour Department
Labour Commissioner,
Phone: 040 27611437
labour.telangana.gov.in
17
Law Department
Secretary to Government,
Phone: 040-23450476
law.telangana.gov.in
ecourts.gov.in/telangana
18
Panchayati Raj & Rural Development (PR & RD)
Commissioner of Panchayati Raj,
Phone: 040 23226653
19
Registrations & Stamps (R&S) Department
Commissioner & Inspector General (Registration & Stamps),
Phone: 040-23449157
registrations.telangana.gov.in
20
Telangana State Disaster Response and Fire Services Department
TS Disaster Response & Fire Services,
Phone: 040 23442944 / 23442955
tsfire.cgg.gov.in
21
Telangana State Industrial Infrastructure Corporation Limited
Phone: 040 23230234
tsiic.telangana.gov.in
22
Telangana State Northern Power Distribution Company Limited (TSNPDCL)
Managing Director, TSNPDCL,
Phone: 0870-2461501
tsnpdcl.in
23
Telangana State Pollution Control Board
Phone: 040 23887500
tspcb.cgg.gov.in
tsocmms.nic.in
24
Telangana State Southern Power Distribution Company Limited (TSSPDCL)
Managing Director, TSSPDCL,
Phone: 040 23431018
Tssouthernpower.com
25
Commissioner of Industries and Commerce
Commissioner of Industries,
Phone : 91-040-23441666
industries.telangana.gov.in
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Key Sites
EM-Part-II Data
Contact
Welcome
There are four key industrial economic sectors: 
                    the primary sector, largely raw material extraction industries such as mining and farming; 
                    the secondary sector, involving refining, construction, and manufacturing 
                    the tertiary sector, which deals with services (such as law and medicine) and distribution of manufactured goods and the quaternary sector,
                    a relatively new type of knowledge industry focusing on technological research, 
                    design and development such as computer programming, and biochemistry.
Sri K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri K.T.Ramarao
Hon'ble Minister of Industries
Industries
Map
state of Telangana map
Important Links
Tenders
Press Releases
GOs related to Industrial Promotion
Industrial Incentives
Key Websites
Business Guide
Key Contacts
Notifications
Latest
Textile policy
TS FOOD PROCESSING POLICY 2017
G.O.Ms.No.62-Ineligible List
G.O.Ms.No.77-Operational Guidelines-T-IDEA
G.O.Ms.No.78-Operational Guidelines-T-PRIDE-For SC/ST entrepreneurs
Industrial
                                Policy
Solar
                                Policy
Land Bank
Salient Features of New Industrial Policy
T- Idea
                                Scheme – 2014
T-Pride
                                Scheme – 2014
IIPP
                                2010-15 - Extension of Time Period
T-Pride
                                - Creating a cadre of SC/ ST Contractors
Quick Links
TS Industry News Letter -July 2018
TS Industry News Letter -April 2018
Annual Report
MSME
District Industries Center
Incentives
Micro Small And Medium Enterprises
Districts
Latest News
Policies
Textile Policy
TS Food Processing Policy
GO
G.O.M.S No 62- Ineligible List
Industrial Policy
Solar Policy
Sailent Features of New Industrial Policy
Schemes
T-Idea Scheme - 2014
T-Pride Scheme - 2014
IIPP 2010-15 Extension of time period
T-Pride - Creating a cadre of SC/ST Contractors
Telangana Industries
TS-iPASS
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
You are here  !
MIS Reports
MIS REPORTS
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
TS-iPASS
Forgot your password?
New
                                    User Registration
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
:: TS-iPASS ::
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
Contact Us
You are here
Commissioner of Industries
Phone : 91-040-23441666
www.industries.telangana.gov.in
Industry Chasing Cell
Phone : 91-040-23450928
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries

You are here  !
Home
Business Regulations
BUSINESS REGULATIONS (ACT/RULES/REGULATIONS/ORDERS)
Draft Regulations
Final Regulations
1&nbspAmendment to TS-IPASS New Services
2&nbspAmendment of Act provisions- Telangana Municipalities Act 1965
3&nbspAmendment to the provisions in Telangana Town Planning Act 1920
1&nbspFinal order on 'Publishing real time status in public domin and SMS / e-Mail alerts to HoDs'
2&nbspAmendment to Shops & Establishment Act
3&nbspAmendment to TSiPASS Rules
TS-iPASS
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
Terms & Conditions
This website is designed, developed and maintained by Commissioner of Industries, Government of Telangana.
Though all efforts have been made to ensure the accuracy and currency of the content on this website, the same should not be construed as a statement of law or used for any legal purposes. In case of any ambiguity or doubts, users are advised to verify / check with the Department(s) and/or other source(s), and to obtain appropriate professional advice.
Under no circumstances will this Department be liable for any expense, loss or damage including, without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any expense, loss or damage whatsoever arising from use, or loss of use, of data, arising out of or in connection with the use of this website.
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Indian Laws. Any dispute arising under these terms and conditions shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of India.
The information posted on this website could include hypertext links or pointers to information created and maintained by non-Government / private organizations. Commissioner of Industries is providing these links and pointers solely for your information and convenience. When you select a link to an external website, you are leaving the Commissioner of Industries website and are subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners / sponsors of the external website.
Commissioner of Industries does not guarantee availability of linked pages at all times.
Commissioner of Industries cannot authorize use of copyrighted materials contained in linked website. Users are advised to request such authorization from owners of linked websites.
Commissioner of Industries does not guarantee that linked websites comply with Indian Government Web Guidelines.
Hyper linking Policy
Links to external websites /portals
We do not object to you linking directly to the information that is hosted on this and no prior permission is required for the same. However, we would like you to inform us about any links provided to this so that you can be informed of any changes or updates therein. Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this must load into a newly opened browser window of the User. At many places in this, you shall find links to other . These links have been placed for your convenience. is not responsible for the contents of the linked destinations and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over availability of linked destinations.
Links to TS-iPASS by other websites
We do not object to you linking directly to the information that is hosted on this and no prior permission is required for the same. However, we would like you to inform us about any links provided to this so that you can be informed of any changes or updates therein. Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this must load into a newly opened browser window of the User.
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
TS-iPASS
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
You are here  !
One of the key reforms undertaken by the State Government of Telangana to improve
                                        the investment climate is to facilitate and guide the investors proposing to set
                                        up industrial units in the State. To strengthen the investor facilitation, the Government
                                        has constituted a dedicated Investor Facilitation Cell at the Commissionerate of
                                        Industries. The Facilitation Cell provides information on various approvals/clearances,
                                        queries regarding investments in the State and availability of support for Entrepreneurs.
The key objective of the Facilitation Cell is to be the Single Point of contact
                                        for Investors interested in Telangana. They aim to provide focused attention in
                                        actualizing the investments on the ground through a “one stop” facilitation process.
G.O.Ms.No. 35
15/2016/32077/EODB,Dated:27/07/2017
Click here to register General Query
Or Call us at 040 – 23441636 and register your query with the Operator
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
TS-iPASS
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
Privacy Policy
Commissioner of Industries does not automatically capture any specific personal information from you (like name, phone number or e-mail address), that allows us to identify you individually. If you choose to provide us with your personal information, like names or addresses, when you visit our website, we use it only to fulfill your request for information. To use the services like CFE,CFO approvals, raw material allocation, subsidies and CFO renewals, this website requires user registration and the Information collected is used to facilitate interaction.
We do not sell or share any personally identifiable information volunteered on this site to any third party (public/private). Any information provided to this website will be protected from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
We gather certain information about the User, such as Internet protocol (IP) address, domain name, browser type, operating system, the date and time of the visit and the pages visited. We make no attempt to link these addresses with the identity of individuals visiting our site unless an attempt to damage the site has been detected.
Hyper linking Policy
Links to external websites /portals
We do not object to you linking directly to the information that is hosted on this and no prior permission is required for the same. However, we would like you to inform us about any links provided to this so that you can be informed of any changes or updates therein. Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this must load into a newly opened browser window of the User. At many places in this, you shall find links to other . These links have been placed for your convenience. is not responsible for the contents of the linked destinations and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over availability of linked destinations.
Links to TS-iPASS by other websites
We do not object to you linking directly to the information that is hosted on this and no prior permission is required for the same. However, we would like you to inform us about any links provided to this so that you can be informed of any changes or updates therein. Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this must load into a newly opened browser window of the User.
Copyright Policy
Copyright policy (clause 3.1.1)
Moderate 4c Material featured on this may be reproduced free of charge after taking proper permission by sending a mail to us. However, the material has to be reproduced accurately and not to be used in a derogatory manner or in a misleading context. Wherever the material is being published or issued to others, the source must be prominently acknowledged. However, the permission to reproduce this material shall not extend to any material which is identified as being copyright of a third party. Authorization to reproduce such material must be obtained from the departments / copyright holders concerned.
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Indian Laws. Any dispute arising under these terms and conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of India.
Copyright policy (clause 3.1.1) Conservative
Material featured on this may NOT be reproduced under any circumstances.
Copyright policy (clause 3.1.1) Liberal
Material featured on this may be reproduced free of charge. However, the material has to be reproduced accurately and not to be used in a derogatory manner or in a misleading context. Wherever the material is being published or issued to others, the source must be prominently acknowledged. However, the permission to reproduce this material shall not extend to any material which is identified as being copyright of a third party. Authorization to reproduce such material must be obtained from the departments /copyright holders concerned.
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
District Industries Centre
1.Adilabad
2.Asifabad
3.Bhadradri
4.Hyderabad
5.Jagtial
6.Jangaon
7.Jayashankar
8.Jogulamba
9.Kamareddy
10.Karimnagar
11.Khammam
12.Mahabubabad
13.Mahabubnagar
14.Mancherial
15.Medak
16.Medchal–Malkajgiri
17.Nagarkurnool
18.Nalgonda
19.Nirmal
20.Nizamabad
21.Peddapalli
22.Rajanna Sircilla
23.Ranga Reddy
24.Sangareddy
25.Siddipet
26.Suryapet
27.Vikarabad
28.Wanaparthy
29.Warangal - Rural
30.Warangal - Urban
31.Yadadri
Telangana Industries
:: TS-iPass Govenrnment of Telengana : TST Team
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
New User Registration
First Name
:

Last Name
PAN Number
Aadhaar Number
Communication Address
Email Id
Mobile Number
Please Enter OTP Recieved on your phone
Enter User Name
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
:: TS-iPASS ::
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Verification
Incentive Check
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance Registration
Bank Loan Application
Udyog Aadhaar
Related Departments
Information
Downloads
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
Register
Check List
Checklist for Application
Check List For TS-iPASS Approvals
Required Documents to Get Approvals from TS-iPASS.
S.No.
Document Type
Document Link
1
Common Enclosures
COMMON
                            ENCLOSURES
2
Self Certification
Self
                            Certification
3
Combined Site Plan
4
Building Plan
Detailed Building Plan
5
Mutation
Mutation Copy
6
Certificate of Incorporation
7
Flow Chart
Process Flow Chart
8
HMDA Enclosures
9
C5 for Red category
10
Comman Application From(CAF)
Common Application From
11
HAZARDOUS WASTE FORM
12
TSPCB - B1 Form  (
only for red category
TSPCB - B1 Form
13
TSPCB - B2 Form (
TSPCB - B2 Form
14
Environment Clearance
15
The Shops & Establishments Act - Registration
16
The Shops & Establishments Act - Renewal
17
The Building & Other Construction Workers Act
18
PrincipalEmployerUnderContractLabourAct-Registration
19
Principal Employer Registration under
:: TS-iPASS ::
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
You are here  !
TS-iPASS Certificate Verification
1
Type of Application
:
--Select--
CFE
CFO
Renewal
Incentives

3
Name of Unit
5
Unit location
Adilabad
Asifabad
Bhupalpally
Gadwal
Hyderabad
Jagtial
Jangaon
Kamareddy
Karimnagar
Khammam
Kothagudem
Mahabubabad
Mahbubnagar
Mancherial
Medak
Medchal
Nagarkurnool
Nalgonda
Nirmal
Nizamabad
Peddapalli
Rangareddy
Sangareddy
Siddipet
Sircilla
Suryapet
Vikarabad
Wanaparthy
Warangal - Rural
Warangal - Urban
Yadadri
2
UID Number
4
Category
Orange
Red
Green
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
TS-iPASS
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
Welcome to TS-iPass
Hon’ble Minister Sri K.T.Rama Rao invited the Daegu Automotive Industry reps to
                                visit Telangana state & evaluate investment opportunities. Mr Choi Woon Back, Director
                                General,
Hon’ble Minister Sri K T RAMA RAO meets Mr Anthony Fernandes, CEO and Ms Aireen
                                Omar, Dy CEO of AirAsia Berhad at the Telangana pavilion at World Economic Forum,
The Telangana delegation headed by Hon’ble Minister Sri K T RAMA RAO meets Ms Petra
                                Laux, Head Global and Public Affairs Novartis at the state pavilion Davos,
Hon’ble Minister Sri. K.T.Rama Rao Business meeting with Takuma Co. Ltd, Japan -
                                Exploring waste management and smartcity
Hon’ble Minister Sri. K.T.Rama Rao Business meeting with with ISE Foods Inc., Japan
                                for investements in Food processing and Renewable sectors
Minister Sri. K.T.Rama Rao along with a team of delegates from Telangana state met
                                Mr. Mitsunobu Yamamoto, Deputy Director, Minebea Corporation, Japan
Minister Sri. K.T.Rama Rao met with Mr. Shinya Katafuchi, Meiji Seika Pharma in
                                Japan on 17-01-2018. Meiji Seika Pharma Co., Ltd. handles business in manufacturing
                                and sales of ethical pharmaceuticals, agricultural chemicals and veterinary drugs
Announcements
MEDHA SERVO DRIVES to setup Rail/Metro Coach Factory in Telangana with an investment of Rs.800 Crore  |  Gemini Edibles and Fats India (P) Ltd to invest Rs.200 Crore in Telangana (Yadadri District) for its Freedom Brand Edible Oil  |  Hon'ble Minister Sri. K.T. Rama Rao will be releasing the 2016-17 Annual Progress Report of Telangana Industries & Commerce department on 12th June 2017 at Tourism Plaza Hotel, Begumpet, Hyderabad.  |  Medical Devices Park at Sultanpur village, Patancheru Mandal to be launched  on 17th June 2017  |  Telangana State Ranks First in Ease of Doing Business-2016 with 98.78% score  |  Hon'ble Chief Minister Sri.K. Chandrasekar Rao has launched TS-iPASS  |  Telangana State Hon'ble Chief Minister Sri.K. Chandrasekar Rao has launched Telangana Industrial Policies  |
The Telangana Government has enacted the “Telangana State Industrial Project Approval and Self-Certification System (TS-iPASS) Act, 2014” (Act No.3 of 2014) for speedy processing of applications for issue of various clearances required for setting up of industries at a single point based on the self-certificate provided by the entrepreneur and also to create investor friendly environment in the State of Telangana.
Registration
Facebook
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
➤
List of cases sanctioned incentives
List of cases for which incentives were released
Abstract of Currents(incentives) pertaining to claims(General)received in O/o Commissionerate of Industries during the month of June 2015
Abstract of Currents(incentives) pertaining to claims(SC Subplan)received in O/o Commissionerate of Industries during the month of June 2015
Abstract of Currents(incentives) pertaining to claims(Tribal Subplan)received in O/o Commissionerate of Industries during the month of June 2015
List of communications pertaining to incentives claims received in O/o Commissionerate of Industries from all GMs,DICs during the month of June 2015
•
INDUSTRIAL INVESTMENT PROMOTION POLICY
                                                    2010-2015
G.O.Ms.No.61
                                                    Industries & Commerce(IP) Dated 29.06.2010 - IIPP 2010-15 Policy
G.O.Ms.No.42 Industries & Commerce(IP) Dated 05.05.2011 - Operational guidelines
G.O.Ms.No.102 - Industries & Commerce(IP) Dated 19.06.2012 - Allotment of Land
Operational guidelines for SC/ST entrepreneurs for allotment of Land  in Industrial
Application
                                                    Forms for IIPP - 2010-2015
INDUSTRIAL INVESTMENT PROMOTION POLICY
                                                    2005-2010
G.O.Ms.No.149
                                                    Industries & Commerce(IP) Dated 20.06.2008 - IIPP 2005-10 Policy
G.O.Ms.No.328 Industries & Commerce(IP) Dated 13.12.2005 - Operational guidelines
Application Forms for IIPP - 2005-2010
INDUSTRIES INVESTMENT PROMOTION POLICY 2005-2010 BOOKLET
G.O.Ms.No.77-Operational Guidelines-T-IDEA
G.O.Ms.No.78-Operational Guidelines-T-PRIDE-For SC/ST entrepreneurs
G.O.Ms.No.62-Ineligible List
T- Idea Scheme – 2014
T- Pride Scheme – 2014
Telangana Industries
:: TS-iPASS ::
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
You are here   !
* Fields are mandatory
Register Your:
:
--Select--
Grievance
Feedback

Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
:: TS-iPASS ::
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPASS Verification
Inspection
Incentive Check
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance Registration
Bank Loan Application
Udyog Aadhaar
Related Departments
Contact Us
Introduction to TS-IPASS
How to Use Help Desk
How to Register Grievance
Pre-Scrutiny Process for Department
Approval Process for Department
How to Apply Incentives Applications
How to track your application
How to Fill Common Application Form
How to Register / Login and Filling CFE Quessionaire
How to Register / Login and Filling CFO Quessionaire
How to Register / Login and Filling Raw Meterial Application
LATEST NEWS
Telangana State Hon'ble Chief Minister Sri.K. Chandrasekar Rao has launched Telangana Industrial Policies
Hon'ble Chief Minister Sri.K. Chandrasekar Rao has launched TS-iPASS
© Copyrights and all rights reserved by Industries Chasing Cell
:: TS-iPASS ::
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
You are here  !
General Information
Note:
Large Industries are not Eligible for Land Conversion Incentive
Projects Proposed to be set up under T-PRIDE in Municipal Corporation limits of
                                                                                    Greater Hyderabad shall obtain pollution clearances where ever neccessary
Textile Units other than Large industries may select Sector type as Manufacture
                                                                                    for applying eligible Incentives
For service sector enter Equipment Value, for others enter Plant & Machinery Value
The limit for investment in plant and machinery/equipment for manufacturing / service
                                                                            enterprises are as under:
Enterprises
Type
Investment in plant & machinery/equipment
Micro Enterprises
Manufacturing
Does not exceed 25 lakh rupees
Service
Does not exceed 10 lakh rupees
Small Enterprises
More than 25 lakh rupees but does not exceed 5 crore rupees
More than 10 lakh rupees but does not exceed 2 crore rupees
Medium Enterprises
More than 5 crore rupees but does not exceed 10 crore rupees
More than 2 crore rupees but does not exceed 5 crore rupees
Large Enterprises
More than 10 crore rupees but does not exceed 200 crore rupees
-
Mega Enterprises
More than 200 crore rupees
View Eligible incentive for your business /industry
1
Caste
*
:
-- SELECT --
General
OBC
SC
ST
Others
3
Type of Sector
Manufacture
Textiles
5
Is Physically Handicapped
Yes
I) Services
Transport allied activities
Other Service Sector
2
Category
Large
Medium
Mega
Micro
Small
4
Entreprenuer Type
New / Existing
Expansion / Diversification
6
Municipal Corporation
GHMC & Other municipal corporations in the state
Other areas in the state
User Manual
Apply for incentives
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
Export Promotions
ACTIVITIES Of COMMERCE AND EXPORT PROMOTION
                                                                                WING:
India International Trade Fair (IITF).
Pravasi Bharatiya Divas (PBD)
ASIDE (Central Assistance to State for Developing Export Infrastructure and other Allied Activities).
The Export Statistics for the last 11 years.
Export Strategy.
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
Self Employement Scheme

PRIME MINISTER’S EMPLOYMENT GENERATION PROGRAMME (PMEGP)
1.
The Scheme
Government of India has approved the introduction of a new credit linked subsidy
                                                                    programme called Prime Minister’s Employment Generation Programme (PMEGP) by merging
                                                                    the two schemes that were in operation till 31.03.2008 namely Prime Minister’s Rojgar
                                                                    Yojana (PMRY) and Rural Employment Generation Programme (REGP) for generation of
                                                                    employment opportunities through establishment of micro enterprises in rural as
                                                                    well as urban areas. PMEGP will be a central sector scheme to be administered by
                                                                    the Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MoMSME). The Scheme will be
                                                                    implemented by Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC), a statutory organization
                                                                    under the administrative control of the Ministry of MSME as the single nodal agency
                                                                    at the National level. At the State level, the Scheme will be implemented through
                                                                    State KVIC Directorates, State Khadi and Village Industries Boards (KVIBs) and District
                                                                    Industries Centres (DICs) and banks.
2.
Quantum and Nature of Financial Assistance Levels of funding under
                                                                        PMEGP
Categories of beneficiaries
Beneficiary’s contribution
Rate of Subsidy
Area (location of project/unit)
Urban
Rural
General Category
10%
15%
25%
Special (including SC / ST /
05%
35%
Note: (1) The maximum cost of the project/unit admissible under manufacturing sector
                                                                    is Rs. 25 lakh.
3.
Eligibility Conditions of Beneficiaries
(i) Any individual, above 18 years of age
Charitable Trusts.
Existing Units (under PMRY, REGP or any other scheme of Government of India or State
                                                                        Government) and the units that have already availed Government Subsidy under any
                                                                        other scheme of Government of India or State Government are not eligible.
✱ For further details and Project profiles visit :
www.kvic.org.in
www.pmegp.in
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
Micro Small & Medium Enterprises
■
PMEGP-Prime Ministers Employment Guarantee Programme
About PMEGP
▹
In English
In Telugu
PMEGP Advertisement 2015-16
➤
Ineligible activities under PMEGP
Private banks recognised under PMEGP
PMEGP online Application Form
Sample Application Form
✱ For any other details and to apply online please visit :
www.kviconline.gov.in/pmegp/pmegpweb/

Telangana Industries
:: Welcome ::
Department of Industries
Welcome
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
NIC Codes
Contact
Key Sites
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
Under Constrction

Designed and Developed by
TS-iPASS
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
You are here
         !
CFO
Questionnaire - Consent for Operations
*
1. Project Details
2. Project Financials
3. Project Requirements
1
Name of Unit
:

2
Sector of Enterprise
--Select--
Manufacturing
Service
3
Proposed Location
--District--
Adilabad
Asifabad
Bhupalpally
Gadwal
Hyderabad
Jagtial
Jangaon
Kamareddy
Karimnagar
Khammam
Kothagudem
Mahabubabad
Mahbubnagar
Mancherial
Medak
Medchal
Nagarkurnool
Nalgonda
Nirmal
Nizamabad
Peddapalli
Rangareddy
Sangareddy
Siddipet
Sircilla
Suryapet
Vikarabad
Wanaparthy
Warangal - Rural
Warangal - Urban
Yadadri
4
Line of Activity
Building & Construction Projects more than 20,000 Sq.mtrs built-up area having discharge more than 100 KLD - Red
Block making of printing without foundry (excluding wooden block making) - White
Diesel pump repairing and servicing ( complete mechanical dry process) - White
Mineral stack yard / Railway sidings - Green
Polythene and plastic processed products manufacturing(Virgin Plastic) - Green
Ready mix cement concrete - Green
Solar power generation through solar photovoltaic cell, wind power and mini hydel power more than 25 MW - Green
Airports and Commercial AirStrips - Red
Almirah,  Grill      Manufacturing (DryMechanical Process) - Orange
Aluminium & copper extraction from scrap  using  oil  fired  furnace  (dry process only) - Orange
Aluminium Smelter - Red
Aluminium utensils from aluminium circles by pressing only (dry mechanical operation) - Green
Asbestos and asbestos basedindustries - Red
Assembly of air coolers /conditioners ,repairing and servicing - White
Assembly of bicycles ,baby carriages and other small non motorizing vehicles  - White
Automobile Manufacturing(integrated facilities) - Red
Automobile servicing, repairing andpainting       (excluding only fuel dispensing) - Orange
Ayurvedic and homeopathic medicine        - Orange
Ayurvedic and homeopathic medicines (without boiler) - Green
Bailing (hydraulic press)of waste papers - White
Bakery /confectionery /sweets products (with production capacity <l tpd (with gas or electrical oven) - Green
Bakery and confectionery units with production capacity> 1 TPD.  ( Withovens / furnaces) - Orange
Basic chemicals and electrochemicals and its derivativesincluding manufacturing of acid - Red
Bi-axially oriented PP film along with metalizing operations  - Green
Bio fertilizer and bio-pesticides without using inorganic chemicals  - White
Biomass briquettes (sun drying) without using toxic hazardous wastes - Green
Biscuits trays etc from rolled PVC sheet (using automatic vacuum forming machines) - White
Blending and packing of tea - White
Blending of mela mine resins & different powder, additives by physical mixing - Green
Brass and bell metal utensils manufacturing from circles(dry mechanical operation without re-rolling facility)  - Green
Brickfields  ( excluding fly ash brick manufacturing using lime process) - Orange
Building  and  construction  project more than 20,000 sq. m built up area - Orange
Building and Construction projects with waste water more than 100 KLD - Red
Candy  - Green
Cardboard or corrugated box and paper products (excluding paper or pulp manufacturing and without using boilers)  - Green
Carpentry & wooden furniture manufacturing (excluding saw mill) with the help of electrical (motorized) machines such  as electrical wood planner, steel saw cutting circular blade, etc - Green
Cashew nut processing                                   - Orange
Cement - Red
Cement products (without using asbestos / boiler / steam curing) like pipe ,pillar, jafri, well ring, block/tiles etc.(should be done in closed covered shed to control fugitive emissions) - Green
Ceramic colour manufacturing by mixing & blending only (not using boiler and wastewater recycling process)  - Green
Ceramics and Refractories - Orange
Chalk making from plaster of Paris ( only casting without boilers etc. ( sun drying / electrical oven) - White
Chanachur and ladoo from puffed and beaten  rice( murl  and shira) using husk fired oven - Orange
Chilling plant and ice making without using ammonia - Green
Chilling plant, cold storage and ice making  - Green
Chlor Alkali - Red
Chlorates, per-chlorates &peroxides - Red
Chlorine, fluorine, bromine,iodine and their compounds - Red
CO2 recovery - Green
Coal  washeries                                        - Orange
Coated electrode manufacturing            - Orange
Coffee seed processing                                  - Orange
Coke briquetting ( sun drying)  - Green
Coke making, liquefaction, coal tar distillation or fuel gas making - Red
Common Treatment and disposal facilities (CETP, TSDF, E- Waste recycling, CBMWTF,Effluent conveyance project, incinerators, Solvent/ Acid recovery plant, MSW sanitary landfill tes, STP) - Red
Compact  disc  computer  floppy  and cassette manufacturing / Reel manufacturing - Orange
Compressed oxygen gas from crude liquid oxygen ( without use of any solvents and by maintaining pressure & temperature only for separation of other gases) - White
Copper Smelter - Red
Cotton  spinning  and  weaving (medium and large scale)                                                                                                                                                       - Orange
Cotton and woolen hosiers making ( Dry process only without any dying / washing operation) - White
Cotton spinning an. weaving (small scale)  - Green
Cutting, sizing and polishing of marble stone - Green
Dairy and dairy products  ( small scale)         - Orange
Dal Mills  - Green
Decoration of ceramic cups and plates by electric furnace  - Green
DG Set of capacity > 5 MVA - Red
DG set of capacity >1MVA but< SMVA          - Orange
Digital printing on PVC clothes - Green
Dismantling of rolling stocks (  wagons/coaches)                                                                                                                                                                                    - Orange
Distilled water ( without boiler) with electricity as source of heat  - Green
Distillery ( molasses / grain /yeast based) - Red
Dry   coal        processing,       mineral processing,    industries      involving ore         sintering,           pelletisating,  Grinding and Pulverisation - Orange
Dry Cell Battery (excluding manufacturing of electrodes) and assembling  & Changing of acid lead battery on micro scale - Orange
Dyes and Dye- Intermediates - Red
Electric lamp ( bulb) and GE manufacturing by assembling only - White
Electrical and electronic item assembling ( completely dry process) - White
Emery powder ( fine dust of sand) manufacturing - Green
Engineering and fabrication units (dry process without any heat treatment / metal surface finishing operations / painting) - White
Facility of handling, storage and transportation of food grains in bulk - Green
Fermentation Industry including water        polluting manufacture    of      yeast,        beer, distillation      of    alcohol      (Extra Neutral Alcohol)                                                                                                                                                        - Orange
Ferrous    and  Non-  ferrous    metal    extraction     involving        different     furnaces through melting, refining, re-processing,  casting  and  alloy-making                                                                                                                                                                               - Orange
Fertilizer (basic) (excludingformulation) - Red
Fertilizer (granulation/ formulation/ Blending only) - Orange
Fibre glass production andprocessing (excluding moulding) - Red
Fire crackers manufacturing and bulk storage facilities - Red
Fish feed, poultry feed and cattle feed         - Orange
Fish processing and packing (excluding chilling of fishes)                                                                                                                                                                 - Orange
Flakes  from  rejected PET bottle              - Orange
Flavoured betel nuts production/ grinding ( completely dry mechanical operations) - White
Flour mills (dry process) - Green
Fly ash bricks/ block manufacturing - White
Flyash export, transport & disposal facilities - Green
Foam manufacturing                                       - Orange
Food and food processing including fruits and vegetable processing - Orange
Forging of ferrous and non- ferrous metals  ( using oil  and  gas fired furnaces) - Orange
Formulation/palletization of camphor tablets,naphthalene balls from camphor/ naphthalene powders - Orange
Formulation/petletization of camphor tablets,naphthalene balls camphor/ naphthalene powders - Orange
Fountain pen manufacturing by assembling only - White
Glass , ceramic, earthen potteries, tile and tile manufacturing using electrical kiln or not Involving fossil fuel kiln - Green
Glass ampules and vials making from glass tubes - White
Glass ceramics, earthen potteries and  fired kilns, coating on glasses usingcerium    fluorides    and magnesiumfluoride etc - Orange
Glass putty and sealant ( by mixing with machine only) - White
Glass, Ceramic, Earthen Potteries and Tile manufacturing, using oil or gas fired Kiln, Coating on glasses using Cerium Fluoride, Magnesium Fluoride etc - Orange
Glue from starch (physical mixing) with gas / electrically operated oven /boiler - Green
Gold and silver smithy (purification with acid, smelting operating and sulfuric acidpolishing operation) (using less than or equal to 1 litre of Sulphuric Acid / Nitric Acid permonth. - Green
Gravure printing, digital printing on flex, vinyl                                                                                                                                                                             - Orange
Ground nut decorticating - White
Handloom/ carpet weaving ( without dying and bleaching operation) - White
Health-care Establishment ( as defined in BMW Rules) - Red
Heat treatment using oil fired furnace   ( without cyaniding)                                                                                                                                                         - Orange
Heat treatment with any of the new technology like ultrasound probe, induction hardening, Ionization beam, gas carburizing etc - Green
Hot mix plants                                          - Orange
Hotels (3 Star & above) and Hotels having 100 rooms and above - Red
Hotels (up to 20 rooms and without boilers)  - Green
Hotels having overall waste- water generation (di 100 KLD and more. - Red
Hotels(< 3 star) or hotels having> 20rooms and less than 100 rooms - Orange
Ice cream - Orange
Industrial carbon including electrodes and graphite blocks,activated carbon, carbon black - Red
Industries    engaged   in    recycling / reprocessing/       recovery/reuse    of   Hazardous Waste under schedule  iv of HW ( M, H& TBM) rules, 2008 - Items namely Used Oil - As per specifications prescribed from time  to time. - Orange
Industries    engaged   in    recycling / reprocessing/       recovery/reuse    of  Hazardous Waste under schedule iv of  HW( M, H& TBM) rules, 2008 - Items namelyWaste  Oil  ---As  per specifications from time to time - Orange
Industries  engaged in  recycling/ reprocessing/      recovery/reuse of Hazardous Waste under schedule iv HW( M, H& TBM) rules, 2008 - Items namely -Paint and ink Sludge/residues - Orange
Industries engaged  in recycling/reprocessing/    recovery/ reuse of Hazardous Waste under schedule iv of HW( M, H& TBM) rules, 2008 -  Items  namely  - Brass  Dross,Copper  Dross,Copper Oxide  Mill Scale,Copper Reverts, Cake & Residues, Waste Copper and copper  alloys in dispersible form, Slags   from  copper processing for further  processing or  refining, Insulated Copper Wire Scrap/copper with PVC sheathing including ISRI-code material  namely "Druid" Jelly filled Copper  cables "Zinc  Dross-Hot dip  GalvanizersSLAB, Zinc  Dross-Bottom Dross, Zinc   ash/Skimming  arising   from galvanizing     and     die        casting operations, Zinc     ash/Skimming/ other zinc bearing    wastes   arising         from smelting and refining, Zinc  ash and  residues including zinc alloy   residues in  dispersible from, - Orange
Industries engaged in recycling / reprocessing/ recovery/reuse of Hazardous Waste underschedule iv of HAY( Nil, Htlz TBM) rules, 2008 - Items namely - Spent catalyst containing nickel, cadmium, Zinc, copper, arsenic, vanadium and cobalt, - Red
Industries engaged in recycling / reprocessing/ recovery/reuse of Hazardous Waste underschedule iv of HW( M, H& TBM) rules, 2008 - Items namely -Dismantlers RecyclingylantsComponents of waste electricaland electronic assemblescomprising accumulators andother batteries included on listA, mercury-switches, activated glass cuilets from cathode-ray tubes and other activated glass and PCB-capacitors, or any other component contaminated withSchedule 2 constituents (e.g.cadmium, mercury, lead,polychlorinated biphenyl) to an extent that they exhibit hazard characteristics indicated in partC of this Schedule. - Red
Industries engaged in recycling / reprocessing/ recovery/reuse of Hazardous Waste underschedule iv of HW( M, H& TBM) rules, 2008 - Items namely -Spent cleared metal catalystcontaining copper„Spent cleared metal catalystcontaining zinc„ - Red
Industries engaged in recycling /reprocessing/ recovery/reuse ofHazardous Waste under schedule iv of HW( M, H& TBM) rules, 2008 -Items namely -Integrated Recycling Plants -Components of waste electrical and electronic assembles comprisingaccumulators and other batteriesincluded on list A, mercury-switches, activated glass cutletsfrom cathode-ray tubes and other activated glass and PCB-capacitors,or any other componentcontaminated with Schedule 2constituents (e,g, cadmium,mercury, lead, polychlorinatedbiphenyl) to an extent that theyexhibit hazard characteristicsindicated in part C of this Schedule. - Red
Industries engaged in recycling /reprocessing/ recovery/reuse ofHazardous Waste under schedule iv of HW{ M, H& TBM) rules, 2008 -items namely -Lead acid battery plates and otherlead scrap/ashes/residues notcovered under Batteries  (Management and Handling) Rules, 2001. [ * Battery scrap, namely:Lead battery plates covered by ISRI, Code word "Rails" Battery lugscovered by ISR1, Code word "Rakes". Scrap drained/dry while intact, lead batteries covered by ISRI, Code word "rains". - Red
Industry   or      processes   involving   foundry operations                                                                                                                                            - Orange
Industry or process involving'metal surface treatment orprocess such as pickling/electroplating/paint stripping/heat treatment using cyanidebath/ phosphating or finishingand anodizing / enamellings/galvanizing - Red
Insulation and other coated papers (excluding paper or pipe manufacturing)  - Green
Iron & Steel (involvingprocessing from ore/ integrated steel plants) and or Sponge Iron units - Red
Isolated storage of hazardouschemicals (as per schedule of manufacturing, storage ofhazardous chemicals rules ;1989as amended) - Red
Jute processing without dyeing - Orange
Lead acid batterymanufacturing(excluding assembling and charging of lead- acid battery in micro scale)' - Red
Leather cutting and stitching (more than 10 machine and using motor) - White
Leather foot wear and leather products (excluding tanning and hide processing except cottage scale) - Green
Lime   manufacturing  (using      lime kiln) - Orange
Liquid    floor   cleaner,   black  phenyl, liquid   soap,   glycerol     mono-stearate  manufacturing - Orange
Lubricating oil, greases or petroleum based products (only blending at nomad temperature) - Green
Manufacturing    of  tooth  powder, toothpaste, talcum powder and other cosmetic items - Orange
Manufacturing of coir items from coconut husks - White
Manufacturing of explosives,detonators, fuses includingmanagement and handlingactivities - Red
Manufacturing of glass                             - Orange
Manufacturing of glue andgelatin - Red
Manufacturing of iodized salt fromcrude/ raw salt - Orange
Manufacturing of lubricating oils ,grease and petroleum based products - Red
Manufacturing of metal caps containers etc - White
Manufacturing of mirror from sheet glass                                                                                                                                                                          - Orange
Manufacturing of mosquito repellent coil                                                                                                                                                                                 - Orange
Manufacturing of optical lenses (using electrical furnace) - Green
Manufacturing of paintsvarnishes, pigments andintermediate (excludingblending/ mixing) - Red
Manufacturing of pasted veneers using gas fired boiler or thermic fluid heater and by sun drying - Green
Manufacturing of shoe brush and wire brush - White
Manufacturing of Silica Gel - Orange
Manufacturing of Starch/Sago                - Orange
Mechanized  laundry  using oil firedboiler - Orange
Medical oxygen - White
Milk processes and dairyproducts(integrated project) - Red
Mineralized water - Green
Modular    wooden    furniture  from particle board, MDF< swan timber etc, Ceiling tiles/ partition board from saw dust,  wood  chips etc.,  and  other   agricultural     waste   using synthetic adhesive resin, wooden box making ( With boiler) - Orange
New highway construction project         - Orange
Non-alcoholic              beverages(soft drink)  &  bottling  of  alcohol/ non alcoholic products                                                                                                                                                    - Orange
Nuclear power plant - Red
Oil &  Gas  extraction including  CBM (offshore  & onshore extraction through drilling wells) - Red
Oil and gas transportation pipeline - Green
Oil mill ghani & extraction ( no hydrogenation / refining) - Green
Oil Refinery (mineral Oil or Petro Refineries) - Red
Organic and inorganic nutrients ( by physical mixing) - White
Organic Chemicalsmanufacturing - Red
Organic manure (manual mixing) - White
Packing materials manufacturing from non asbestos fibre vegetable fibre yarn - Green
Packing of powdered milk - White
Packing of powdered mill - Green
Paint blending-and mixing (Ball mill) - Orange
Paints and varnishes (mixing andblending) - Orange
Paper pins and u clips - White
Parboiled Rice Mills                                    - Orange
Pesticides (technical} (excludingformulation) - Red
Petrochemicals (Manufacture of and not merely use of as raw material) - Red
Petrochemicals Manufacturing (including processing ofEmulsions of oil and water ) - Red
Pharmaceutical Formulation for R & D purpose (for sustained release/extended release of drugs only and not for commercial purpose)  - Orange
Pharmaceuticals - Red
Phenyl/toilet cleaner formulation and bottling - Green
Phosphate rock processing plant. - Red
Phosphorous and its compounds - Red
Photographic film and itschemicals - Red
Ply-board  manufacturing (includingVeneer and laminate) with oil firedboiler/ thermlc   fluid    heater(withoutresin plant) - Orange
Ports and harbour, jetties anddredging operations - Red
Potable alcohol ( IMFL) by blending,bottling of alcohol products - Orange
Power generation plant [exceptWind and Solar renewablepower plants of all capacities and Mini Hyde! power plant of capacity <25MW[ - White
Power looms (without dye and bleaching) - Green
Printing ink manufacturing - Orange
Printing or etching of glass sheet usinghydrofluoric acid - Orange
Printing press                                              - Orange
Processes involving chlorinatedhydrocarbons - Red
Producer gas plant using conventional   up drift coal gasification (  linked to  rolling mills glass and ceramic industry  refectories for dedicated fuel supply) - Orange
Puffed rice (muri) (using gas or electrical heating system) - Green
Pulp & Paper ( Large-Agro + wood) , Small Pulp &Paper ( agro based-wheatstraw/rice husk) - Red
Pulp & Paper ( waste paper based units with bleaching process tomanufacture writing & printingpaper) - Red
Pulp & Paper ( waste paper based without bleaching process tomanufacture Kraft paper) - Red
Pulverization of bamboo and scrap wood  - Green
Railway locomotive workshop/Integrated road transportworkshop/Authoried servicecenters - Red
Repairing of electric motors and generators ( dry mechanical process) - White
Reprocessing      of           waste   plastic Including PVC                                                                                                                                                                                                           - Orange
Reprocessing of used oils and waste oils - Red
Reprocessing of waste cotton - Green
Rice mill (Rice hullers only) - Green
Rolling mill ( gas fired) and cold rolling mill  - Green
Rolling mill (oil or coal fired) and cold         rolling mill                                                                                                                                                                              - Orange
Rope (plastic and cotton) - White
Rubber goods industry (with gas operated baby boiler) - Green
Saw mills - Green
Scientific and mathematical instrument manufacturing - White
Seasoning of wood in steam heated chamber - Green
Ship Breaking Industries - Red
Silk screen printing, sari printing by wooden blocks - Orange
Slaughter house (as pernotification S.O.270(E)dated26.03.2001)and meat processingindustries, bone mill, processing of animal horn, hoofs and other body parts - Red
Soap manufacturing (hand made,without steam boiling / boiler)  - Green
Solar module non conventional energy apparatus manufacturing unit - White
Solar power generation through solar photovoltaic cell, wind power and mini hydel power (less than 25 MW)  - White
Spice grinding (>20 hp motor) - Green
Spice grinding (upto-20 HP motor) - Green
Spray  painting,  paint  baking, paint shipping                                                                                                                                                                                 - Orange
Steel  and  steel products  using various furnaces like blast furnace  open hearth     furnace/ induction furnace/ arc furnace/ submerged                                                                                                                                                                                        arc furnace /basic oxygen furnace/hot rolling reheated furnace                                                                                                                      - Orange
Steel furniture without spray painting - Green
Steeping and processing of grains - Green
Stone crushers                                           - Orange
Sugar ( excluding Khandsari) - Red
Surgical  and   medical     products  including prophylactics and latex - Orange
Surgical and medical products assembling only (not involving effluent / emission generating processes) - White
Surgical and medical products not involving effluent / emission generating processes. - Green
Synthetic        rubber       excluding molding                                                                                                                                                                                           - Orange
Synthetic detergent formulation - Green
Synthetic detergents and soaps/excluding formulation)                                                                                                                                              - Orange
Synthetic fibers including rayon ,tyre cord, polyester filamentyarn - Red
Synthetic resins                                            - Orange
Tamarind powder manufacturing - Green
Tanneries - Red
Tea processing ( with boiler)  - Green
Tephlon based products                            - Orange
Thermal Power Plants - Red
Thermo Meter Manufacturing - Orange
Thermocol  manufacturing  (with boiler) - Orange
Tobacco products including cigarettes and tobacco/ opium processes  - Orange
Transformer repairing/ manufacturing( dry process only) - Orange
Tyres  and  tubes  vulcanization/  hot retreating - Orange
Tyres and tube retreating (without boilers)  - Green
Vegetable        oil         manufacturing  solvent   extraction    and  refinery /hydrogenated  oils                                                                                                                                                    - Orange
Wire drawing and wire netting                      - Orange
Yarn / Textile processinginvolving any effluent/emission generating processes includingbleaching, dyeing, printing andcolouring - Red
Zinc Smelter - Red
--Mandal--
5
Pollution Category of Enterprise
--Village--
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
◾ Interdiction:
With an intention to give boost to economic growth, the government has enacted the special economic zone (SEZ) Act, 2005, whereby various fiscal incentives have been introduced for entrepreneurs and developers. One such fiscal incentive provided is exemption from payment of tax on book profit, for an entrepreneur operating a unit in a SEZ or a developer of a SEZ.
➤
Special Economic Zone 2000
Special Economic Zone 2005
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Key Sites
EM-Part-II Data
Contact
Welcome
There are four key industrial economic sectors: 
                    the primary sector, largely raw material extraction industries such as mining and farming; 
                    the secondary sector, involving refining, construction, and manufacturing 
                    the tertiary sector, which deals with services (such as law and medicine) and distribution of manufactured goods and the quaternary sector,
                    a relatively new type of knowledge industry focusing on technological research, 
                    design and development such as computer programming, and biochemistry.
Sri K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri K.T.Ramarao
Hon'ble Minister of Industries
Industries
Map
state of Telangana map
Important Links
Tenders
Press Releases
GOs related to Industrial Promotion
Industrial Incentives
Key Websites
Business Guide
Key Contacts
Notifications
Latest
Textile policy
TS FOOD PROCESSING POLICY 2017
G.O.Ms.No.62-Ineligible List
G.O.Ms.No.77-Operational Guidelines-T-IDEA
G.O.Ms.No.78-Operational Guidelines-T-PRIDE-For SC/ST entrepreneurs
Industrial
                                Policy
Solar
                                Policy
Land Bank
Salient Features of New Industrial Policy
T- Idea
                                Scheme – 2014
T-Pride
                                Scheme – 2014
IIPP
                                2010-15 - Extension of Time Period
T-Pride
                                - Creating a cadre of SC/ ST Contractors
Quick Links
TS Industry News Letter -July 2018
TS Industry News Letter -April 2018
Annual Report
MSME
District Industries Center
Incentives
Micro Small And Medium Enterprises
Districts
Latest News
Policies
Textile Policy
TS Food Processing Policy
GO
G.O.M.S No 62- Ineligible List
Industrial Policy
Solar Policy
Sailent Features of New Industrial Policy
Schemes
T-Idea Scheme - 2014
T-Pride Scheme - 2014
IIPP 2010-15 Extension of time period
T-Pride - Creating a cadre of SC/ST Contractors
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
Statement Showing The List of Units Sanctioned Under IIPP 2005-10 & IIPP 2010-15 Schemes
Consolidated Proceedings No. 20/1/2015/General/5672/5672/FD-1 Dated 11/06/2015
General Proceedings
Consolidated Proceedings No.20/1/2014/PT/1029/1029/FD  Dated 28/01/2015
Consolidated Proceedings No.20/1/2014/PVS/1026/1026/FD Dated 28/01/2015
Releases made under SC /ST Subplan
List of units for which amount credited-Supplementary grant-2015-16
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
District Industries Centre
1.Adilabad
2.Asifabad
3.Bhadradri
4.Hyderabad
5.Jagtial
6.Jangaon
7.Jayashankar
8.Jogulamba
9.Kamareddy
10.Karimnagar
11.Khammam
12.Mahabubabad
13.Mahabubnagar
14.Mancherial
15.Medak
16.Medchal–Malkajgiri
17.Nagarkurnool
18.Nalgonda
19.Nirmal
20.Nizamabad
21.Peddapalli
22.Rajanna Sircilla
23.Ranga Reddy
24.Sangareddy
25.Siddipet
26.Suryapet
27.Vikarabad
28.Wanaparthy
29.Warangal - Rural
30.Warangal - Urban
31.Yadadri
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
Business Guide
1. Composite Loan
                                                Scheme
Eligible Borrowers:
Norms:
Purpose:
have been in operation for a period of at least two years,
have earned profit and/or declared dividend during the preceding two financial years
                                                        and
not be in default to institutions/banks in payment of their dues.
3. National Equity Fund Scheme (NEF)
4. Scheme for Women Entrepreneurs (MUN)
5. Scheme for Technology Development and Modernization (RTDM)
Purchase of capital equipment, need based civil works and acquisition of additional
                                                    land.
Acquisition of technical know-how, designs, drawings and fashion forecast where
                                                    relevant to specific product group.
Up gradation of process technology and products with thrust on quality improvement
                                                    comparable with acceptable domestic and international standards.
Improvement in packaging.
Cost of TQM and acquisition of ISO 9000 series certification.
Need based additional / incremental margin money for working capital.
6. Scheme for Textile Industry under Technology Upgradation Fund (RTUF)
Objective:
Primary
                                                Lending Institutions (PLIs)
a) Land and factory building including renovation of factory and electrical installations
b) Energy saving devices
c) Effluent treatment plant (ETP)
d) Water treatment plant for captive industrial use
e) Captive power generation
[ii] Investments in the installation of the following facilities including necessary
                                            equipment:
a) In-house R & D including designs studio
b) Information Technology including ERP.
c) Total quality management including adoption of appropriate IS /BIS standards.
[iii] Investment in the acquisition of technical know-how.
Lending in excess of the limits prescribed above in respect of these items will
                                            attract the normal lending rates.
i) Common utilities, viz. water supply, power substation, etc.
(Any additional investments would attract the normal lending rates)
Eligible Borrowers
:
silk reeling and twisting,
wool scouring and combing,
synthetic filament yarn texturising, crimping and twisting,
spinning,
viscose filament yarn (VFY),
weaving, knitting including non-woven, fabric embroidery and technical textiles,
garment/ made-up manufacturing,
processing of fibres, yarns, fabrics, garments and made-ups.
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
Infrastructure Developments
◾ Details:
➤
Critical Infrastructure Balancing Scheme (CIBS)
Industrial Infrastructure Development Fund (IIDF)
ASIDE Scheme
Scheme for Financing Viable Infrastructure Projects through IIFCL (Revised)
Central Assistance to the State for the development of export Infrastructure and allied activities
Telangana Industries
TS-iPASS
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
New Registration
Already have an account in TS-Ipass
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
:: TS-iPass Govenrnment of Telengana : TST Team
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
New User Registration
First Name
:

Last Name
PAN Number
Aadhaar Number
Communication Address
Email Id
Mobile Number
Please Enter OTP Recieved on your phone
Enter User Name
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
The Sailent Features of the revival scheme are:
Relaxation from ULC Act:
Healthy Industrial Relation:
Interest rabate to Banks / Financial Institutions:
Deferment of CT Arrears:
Relief in Energy Charges:
If the sick industrial unit under consideration has to pay arrears of CC charges,
                                                it may be given choice either to pay the entire arrears of CC charges up to date
                                                of disconnection with interest and 4 months minimum charges during closure period
                                                without interest + CMD charges in one lumpsum for new connection, the percentage
                                                of interest charged by APTRANSCO/DISCOM on the arrears of CC charges will be subsidized
                                                to the extent of 15% of interest charged from out of the percentage of the total
                                                interest charges and the same will be paid to APTRANSCO subject to a maximum of
                                                Rs.5.00 lakhs and the balance percantage of interest charges shall be borne by the
                                                beneficiary ( which includes surcharge and penal interest etc.)
OR
If the Industrial unit under  consideration opts for payment of arrears of
                                                    CC charges up to the date of disconnection with interest and 4 months minimum charges
                                                    during closure period without interest + CMD charges in 3 annual installments then
                                                    it will be permitted to pay by 1/3 of the dues each year, with reimbursement of
                                                    15% of the interest charged from out of the percentage of the total interest charged
                                                    to APTRANSCO by Government, subject to a maximum of Rs.3.00 lakhs per year for a
                                                    period of three years, and the balance percentage of interest charges shall be borne
                                                    by the beneficiary ( which includes surcharge and penal interest etc.).
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
RAW MATERIALS
INTRODUCTION
HOW TO APPLY
The Industrialists who are seeking for allotment for Raw materials shall apply to
                                            the concerned General Manager, District Industries Centre in the Districts in the
                                            prescribed proforma alongwith necessary documents prescribed in duplicate. The application
                                            forms and required enclosures are appended(annexures I, II & III).
The General Managers should recommend the proposals duly enquiry on the status of
                                            the unit and verifying the genuinity of the documents enclosed as per the guidelines
                                            / instructions issued by the Commissioner of Industries time to time.
The allotment is being done by General Manager / Commissioner of Industries basing
                                            on the genuinity of the proposal and assessment done as per the actual requirement
                                            of the quantity on adhoc basis. After verification of the utilization and status
                                            of the unit actual requirement shall be allotted on reqular basis.
➤
New Coal Distribution
                                                Policy
Circular Memo No.11-1-5-00060006/fd,
                                                Dated :27-06-2011.
FOR ALLOTMENT OF COAL
                                                (IN TRIPLICATE)
INSPECTION PROFORMA
                                                FOR ASSESSMENT OF COAL REQUIRED TO INDUSTRIAL CONSUMER
CHECK SLIP FOR REQUIRE
                                                DOCUMENTS ENCLOSED DULY ATTESTED FOR ALLOTMENT OF RAW MATERRIALS:
APPLICATION
                                                FOR ALLOTMENT OF ALCOHOL / RS/ DS/ ETHANOL:
INSPECTION REPORT
                                                WITH WHICH THE DEPARTMENTAL OFFICERS FORWARD EACH APPLICATION
AFFIDAVIT
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
ul
        {
            list-style: none;
            margin: 0px;
            padding: 0px;
        }
MINUTES OF THE 28th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 04/07/2018
MINUTES OF THE 27th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 20/06/2018
MINUTES OF THE 26th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 30/05/2018
MINUTES OF THE 25th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 16/05/2018
MINUTES OF THE 24th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 25/04/2018
MINUTES OF THE 23th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 04/04/2018
MINUTES OF THE 22th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 14/03/2018
MINUTES OF THE 21th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 21/02/2018
MINUTES OF THE 20th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 31/01/2018
MINUTES OF THE 19th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 10/01/2018
MINUTES OF THE 18th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 13/12/2017
MINUTES OF THE 17th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 08/11/2017
MINUTES OF THE 16th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 23/10/2017
MINUTES OF THE 15th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 12/09/2017
MINUTES
                OF THE 14th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 22/06/2017
MINUTES
                OF THE 13th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 30/03/2017
MINUTES
                OF THE 12th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 17/12/2016
MINUTES OF THE 11th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 31/08/2016
MINUTES OF
                THE 10th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 23/07/2016
MINUTES
                OF THE 9th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 22/04/2016
MINUTES OF THE 8th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 08/01/2016
MINUTES OF THE 7th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 30/10/2015
MINUTES
                OF THE 6th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 10/09/2015 AT 12.00 NOON
MINUTES OF
                THE 5th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 25/05/2015 AT 11.30 AM
MINUTES OF
                THE 4th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 05/03/2015 AT 3.00 PM
MINUTES OF
                THE 3rd S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 23/12/2014 AT 11.00 AM
MINUTES OF
                THE 2nd S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 24/10/2014 AT 3.00 PM
MINUTES OF
                THE 1st S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 14/08/2014 AT 3.00 PM
102th SLC meeting held
                on 15/05/2014
101th SLC meeting held on 15/02/2014
100th
                SLC meeting held on 21/12/2013
99th SLC Minutes held
                on 30/10/2013
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP(98th GENERAL SLC) held on 14/08/2013
Investment
                        Subsidy
Stamp Duty
Land Cost
Pavala
                        Vaddi
Sales Tax
Power Cost
Mortgage
                        Duty
Land Conversion Charges
Transfer
                        Duty Charges
Interest
                        Subsidy
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP(97th GENERAL SLC) held on 20/05//2013
Mortgage Duty
Cleaner Production Charges
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP(97th SCST SLC) held on 20/05/2013
Investment Subsidy
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP(95th GENERAL SLC) held on 29/11/2012
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP(96th GENERAL SLC) held on 01/03//2013

List of Sanctioned Cases
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP
                    (98th GENERAL SLC) held on 14/08/2013
Stamp
                                    Duty
Pavala
                                    Vaddi
Sales
                                    Tax
Power
                                    Cost
Mortgage
                                    Duty
Land Conversion
                                    Charges
Transfer Duty Charges
Interest Subsidy
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP
                    (97th GENERAL SLC) held on 20/05//2013
Cleaner Production
                                    Charges
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP
                    (97th SCST SLC) held on 20/05/2013
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP
                    (95th GENERAL SLC) held on 29/11/2012
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP
                    (96th GENERAL SLC) held on 01/03//2013
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP
                    (96th SCST SLC) held on 1/3/2013
Land
                                    Cost
Financial Assistantunder IIDF
TSP Investment
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP
                    (95th SCST SLC) held on 29/11/2012
Quality Certification
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP
                    (94th GENERAL SLC) held on 24/09/2012
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP
                    (94th SCST SLC) held on 24/09/2012
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP(93
                    SLC) held on 26/06/2012
Investement Subsidy
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP
                    (92 SLC) held on 27/04/2012
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP(91
                    SLC) held on 24/02/2012
Investment Subsidy SCP/TSP
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP
                    (90th SLC) held on 08/12/2011
Telangana Industries
TS-iPASS
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
You are here  !
MIS Reports
MIS REPORTS
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
Industries Department
Commissionerate of Industries
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
NIC Codes
Contact
Key Sites
EM-Part-II Data
TS FOOD PROCESSING POLICY 2017
Welcome
There are four key industrial economic sectors: the primary sector, largely raw
                        material extraction industries such as mining and farming; the secondary sector,
                        involving refining, construction, and manufacturing the tertiary sector, which deals
                        with services (such as law and medicine) and distribution of manufactured goods
                        and the quaternary sector, a relatively new type of knowledge industry focusing
                        on technological research, design and development such as computer programming,
                        and biochemistry.
Important Links
Tenders
Press Releases
GOs related to Industrial Promotion
Industrial Incentives
Key Websites
Business Guide
Key Contacts
Notifications
Press Release
For NRIs
Apply for Udyog Aadhaar
File your
                                Application of Raw Materials
Official Mail
Quick Links
MSME
District Industries
                                Services
Latest
Textile policy
G.O.Ms.No.62-Ineligible List
G.O.Ms.No.77-Operational Guidelines-T-IDEA
G.O.Ms.No.78-Operational Guidelines-T-PRIDE-For SC/ST entrepreneurs
Industrial
                                Policy
Solar
                                Policy
Life Sciences Policy
Land Bank
Salient Features of New Industrial Policy
T- Idea
                                Scheme – 2014
T-Pride
                                Scheme – 2014
IIPP
                                2010-15 - Extension of Time Period
T-Pride
                                - Creating a cadre of SC/ ST Contractors
Latest News
Copy right @ 2015.
Designed and Developed by Centre for Good Governance
:: TS-iPass Govenrnment of Telengana : TST Team
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries

Incentive Registration / View Eligible Incentive
Check for eligible Incentives
Eligible Incentive(s) List
1
Caste
*
:
-- SELECT --
General
OBC
SC
ST
Others
3
Type of Sector
Service
Manufacture
Textiles
5
Is Physically Handicapped
Yes
2
Category
Large
Medium
Mega
Micro
Small
4
Entreprenuer Type
New / Existing
Expansion / Diversification
6
Municipal Corporation
GHMC & Other municipal corporations in the state
Other areas in the state
Incentives User Manual
Industry wise Incentives Sanctioned by SLC
Note:
Large Industries are not Eligible for Land Conversion Incentive
Projects Proposed to be set up under T-PRIDE in Municipal Corporation limits of
                                                                                    Greater Hyderabad shall obtain pollution clearances where ever neccessary
Textile Units other than Large industries may select Sector type as Manufacture
                                                                                    for applying eligible Incentives
For service sector enter Equipment Value, for others enter Plant & Machinery Value
The limit for investment in plant and machinery/equipment for manufacturing / service
                                                                            enterprises are as under:
Enterprises
Type
Investment in plant & machinery/equipment
Micro Enterprises
Manufacturing
Does not exceed 25 lakh rupees
Does not exceed 10 lakh rupees
Small Enterprises
More than 25 lakh rupees but does not exceed 5 crore rupees
More than 10 lakh rupees but does not exceed 2 crore rupees
Medium Enterprises
More than 5 crore rupees but does not exceed 10 crore rupees
More than 2 crore rupees but does not exceed 5 crore rupees
Large Enterprises
More than 10 crore rupees but does not exceed 200 crore rupees
-
Mega Enterprises
More than 200 crore rupees
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
ORGANISATION PROFILE

Telangana Industries
TS-iPASS
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
You are here
         !
Query
General Query
General Query Details
* Fields are mandatory
1
TS-ipass UID Number:
(If Applicable)

2
Applicant Name
*
:
District Name
--Select--
Adilabad
Asifabad
Bhupalpally
Gadwal
Hyderabad
Jagtial
Jangaon
Kamareddy
Karimnagar
Khammam
Kothagudem
Mahabubabad
Mahbubnagar
Mancherial
Medak
Medchal
Nagarkurnool
Nalgonda
Nirmal
Nizamabad
Peddapalli
Rangareddy
Sangareddy
Siddipet
Sircilla
Suryapet
Vikarabad
Wanaparthy
Warangal - Rural
Warangal - Urban
Yadadri
3
E-Mail
4
Mobile Number
5
Description
6
Upload:
[lblFileName]
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries

Sl No.
User Name
Mobile No
Mail Id
Ammendment
User Comments
Department Comments
1
K Prasanna
9985328475
prasannay4ee022@yahoo.com
Amendment to TSiPASS Rules
Hearty congratulations for the new initiatives taken up the state govt to bring in transparency enab
Thank you
2
Shankar
9014886811
shankarachary.pa9@gmail.com
Good Information to public.
3
Shatajupa Mishra
7077703557
shatajupa.mishra@in.pwc.com
Good initiative by the State Government to include all Industrial timelines under a single act.
4
Kartheek
9989799892
kartheek.sk@gmail.com
Taxes subsumed under GST may be removed from the amendment.
Taxes subsumed under GST has been removed from the final issued G.O.
5
sri gurudatta
9492181542
srigurudattaindustries@gmail.com
factory licence  from inspector of factories
Factory License timelines has been included under the rules through G.O.Ms.No. 36 dated 17.06.2015
:: TS-iPASS ::
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
You are here   !
* Fields are mandatory
Register Your:
:
--Select--
Grievance
Feedback

Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
:: TS-iPASS ::
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
You are here
         !
Loan Application to Bank

1
Name 
                                                        of Applicant
:
2
Mobile Number
5
District Name:
--Select--
Adilabad
Asifabad
Bhupalpally
Gadwal
Hyderabad
Jagtial
Jangaon
Kamareddy
Karimnagar
Khammam
Kothagudem
Mahabubabad
Mahbubnagar
Mancherial
Medak
Medchal
Nagarkurnool
Nalgonda
Nirmal
Nizamabad
Peddapalli
Rangareddy
Sangareddy
Siddipet
Sircilla
Suryapet
Vikarabad
Wanaparthy
Warangal - Rural
Warangal - Urban
Yadadri
3
E-Mail:
6
Mandal 
                                                        Name
4
Line 
                                                        of Activity
Building & Construction Projects more than 20,000 Sq.mtrs built-up area having discharge more than 100 KLD - Red
Block making of printing without foundry (excluding wooden block making) - White
Diesel pump repairing and servicing ( complete mechanical dry process) - White
Mineral stack yard / Railway sidings - Green
Polythene and plastic processed products manufacturing(Virgin Plastic) - Green
Ready mix cement concrete - Green
Solar power generation through solar photovoltaic cell, wind power and mini hydel power more than 25 MW - Green
Airports and Commercial AirStrips - Red
Almirah,  Grill      Manufacturing (DryMechanical Process) - Orange
Aluminium & copper extraction from scrap  using  oil  fired  furnace  (dry process only) - Orange
Aluminium Smelter - Red
Aluminium utensils from aluminium circles by pressing only (dry mechanical operation) - Green
Asbestos and asbestos basedindustries - Red
Assembly of air coolers /conditioners ,repairing and servicing - White
Assembly of bicycles ,baby carriages and other small non motorizing vehicles  - White
Automobile Manufacturing(integrated facilities) - Red
Automobile servicing, repairing andpainting       (excluding only fuel dispensing) - Orange
Ayurvedic and homeopathic medicine        - Orange
Ayurvedic and homeopathic medicines (without boiler) - Green
Bailing (hydraulic press)of waste papers - White
Bakery /confectionery /sweets products (with production capacity <l tpd (with gas or electrical oven) - Green
Bakery and confectionery units with production capacity> 1 TPD.  ( Withovens / furnaces) - Orange
Basic chemicals and electrochemicals and its derivativesincluding manufacturing of acid - Red
Bi-axially oriented PP film along with metalizing operations  - Green
Bio fertilizer and bio-pesticides without using inorganic chemicals  - White
Biomass briquettes (sun drying) without using toxic hazardous wastes - Green
Biscuits trays etc from rolled PVC sheet (using automatic vacuum forming machines) - White
Blending and packing of tea - White
Blending of mela mine resins & different powder, additives by physical mixing - Green
Brass and bell metal utensils manufacturing from circles(dry mechanical operation without re-rolling facility)  - Green
Brickfields  ( excluding fly ash brick manufacturing using lime process) - Orange
Building  and  construction  project more than 20,000 sq. m built up area - Orange
Building and Construction projects with waste water more than 100 KLD - Red
Candy  - Green
Cardboard or corrugated box and paper products (excluding paper or pulp manufacturing and without using boilers)  - Green
Carpentry & wooden furniture manufacturing (excluding saw mill) with the help of electrical (motorized) machines such  as electrical wood planner, steel saw cutting circular blade, etc - Green
Cashew nut processing                                   - Orange
Cement - Red
Cement products (without using asbestos / boiler / steam curing) like pipe ,pillar, jafri, well ring, block/tiles etc.(should be done in closed covered shed to control fugitive emissions) - Green
Ceramic colour manufacturing by mixing & blending only (not using boiler and wastewater recycling process)  - Green
Ceramics and Refractories - Orange
Chalk making from plaster of Paris ( only casting without boilers etc. ( sun drying / electrical oven) - White
Chanachur and ladoo from puffed and beaten  rice( murl  and shira) using husk fired oven - Orange
Chilling plant and ice making without using ammonia - Green
Chilling plant, cold storage and ice making  - Green
Chlor Alkali - Red
Chlorates, per-chlorates &peroxides - Red
Chlorine, fluorine, bromine,iodine and their compounds - Red
CO2 recovery - Green
Coal  washeries                                        - Orange
Coated electrode manufacturing            - Orange
Coffee seed processing                                  - Orange
Coke briquetting ( sun drying)  - Green
Coke making, liquefaction, coal tar distillation or fuel gas making - Red
Common Treatment and disposal facilities (CETP, TSDF, E- Waste recycling, CBMWTF,Effluent conveyance project, incinerators, Solvent/ Acid recovery plant, MSW sanitary landfill tes, STP) - Red
Compact  disc  computer  floppy  and cassette manufacturing / Reel manufacturing - Orange
Compressed oxygen gas from crude liquid oxygen ( without use of any solvents and by maintaining pressure & temperature only for separation of other gases) - White
Copper Smelter - Red
Cotton  spinning  and  weaving (medium and large scale)                                                                                                                                                       - Orange
Cotton and woolen hosiers making ( Dry process only without any dying / washing operation) - White
Cotton spinning an. weaving (small scale)  - Green
Cutting, sizing and polishing of marble stone - Green
Dairy and dairy products  ( small scale)         - Orange
Dal Mills  - Green
Decoration of ceramic cups and plates by electric furnace  - Green
DG Set of capacity > 5 MVA - Red
DG set of capacity >1MVA but< SMVA          - Orange
Digital printing on PVC clothes - Green
Dismantling of rolling stocks (  wagons/coaches)                                                                                                                                                                                    - Orange
Distilled water ( without boiler) with electricity as source of heat  - Green
Distillery ( molasses / grain /yeast based) - Red
Dry   coal        processing,       mineral processing,    industries      involving ore         sintering,           pelletisating,  Grinding and Pulverisation - Orange
Dry Cell Battery (excluding manufacturing of electrodes) and assembling  & Changing of acid lead battery on micro scale - Orange
Dyes and Dye- Intermediates - Red
Electric lamp ( bulb) and GE manufacturing by assembling only - White
Electrical and electronic item assembling ( completely dry process) - White
Emery powder ( fine dust of sand) manufacturing - Green
Engineering and fabrication units (dry process without any heat treatment / metal surface finishing operations / painting) - White
Facility of handling, storage and transportation of food grains in bulk - Green
Fermentation Industry including water        polluting manufacture    of      yeast,        beer, distillation      of    alcohol      (Extra Neutral Alcohol)                                                                                                                                                        - Orange
Ferrous    and  Non-  ferrous    metal    extraction     involving        different     furnaces through melting, refining, re-processing,  casting  and  alloy-making                                                                                                                                                                               - Orange
Fertilizer (basic) (excludingformulation) - Red
Fertilizer (granulation/ formulation/ Blending only) - Orange
Fibre glass production andprocessing (excluding moulding) - Red
Fire crackers manufacturing and bulk storage facilities - Red
Fish feed, poultry feed and cattle feed         - Orange
Fish processing and packing (excluding chilling of fishes)                                                                                                                                                                 - Orange
Flakes  from  rejected PET bottle              - Orange
Flavoured betel nuts production/ grinding ( completely dry mechanical operations) - White
Flour mills (dry process) - Green
Fly ash bricks/ block manufacturing - White
Flyash export, transport & disposal facilities - Green
Foam manufacturing                                       - Orange
Food and food processing including fruits and vegetable processing - Orange
Forging of ferrous and non- ferrous metals  ( using oil  and  gas fired furnaces) - Orange
Formulation/palletization of camphor tablets,naphthalene balls from camphor/ naphthalene powders - Orange
Formulation/petletization of camphor tablets,naphthalene balls camphor/ naphthalene powders - Orange
Fountain pen manufacturing by assembling only - White
Glass , ceramic, earthen potteries, tile and tile manufacturing using electrical kiln or not Involving fossil fuel kiln - Green
Glass ampules and vials making from glass tubes - White
Glass ceramics, earthen potteries and  fired kilns, coating on glasses usingcerium    fluorides    and magnesiumfluoride etc - Orange
Glass putty and sealant ( by mixing with machine only) - White
Glass, Ceramic, Earthen Potteries and Tile manufacturing, using oil or gas fired Kiln, Coating on glasses using Cerium Fluoride, Magnesium Fluoride etc - Orange
Glue from starch (physical mixing) with gas / electrically operated oven /boiler - Green
Gold and silver smithy (purification with acid, smelting operating and sulfuric acidpolishing operation) (using less than or equal to 1 litre of Sulphuric Acid / Nitric Acid permonth. - Green
Gravure printing, digital printing on flex, vinyl                                                                                                                                                                             - Orange
Ground nut decorticating - White
Handloom/ carpet weaving ( without dying and bleaching operation) - White
Health-care Establishment ( as defined in BMW Rules) - Red
Heat treatment using oil fired furnace   ( without cyaniding)                                                                                                                                                         - Orange
Heat treatment with any of the new technology like ultrasound probe, induction hardening, Ionization beam, gas carburizing etc - Green
Hot mix plants                                          - Orange
Hotels (3 Star & above) and Hotels having 100 rooms and above - Red
Hotels (up to 20 rooms and without boilers)  - Green
Hotels having overall waste- water generation (di 100 KLD and more. - Red
Hotels(< 3 star) or hotels having> 20rooms and less than 100 rooms - Orange
Ice cream - Orange
Industrial carbon including electrodes and graphite blocks,activated carbon, carbon black - Red
Industries    engaged   in    recycling / reprocessing/       recovery/reuse    of   Hazardous Waste under schedule  iv of HW ( M, H& TBM) rules, 2008 - Items namely Used Oil - As per specifications prescribed from time  to time. - Orange
Industries    engaged   in    recycling / reprocessing/       recovery/reuse    of  Hazardous Waste under schedule iv of  HW( M, H& TBM) rules, 2008 - Items namelyWaste  Oil  ---As  per specifications from time to time - Orange
Industries  engaged in  recycling/ reprocessing/      recovery/reuse of Hazardous Waste under schedule iv HW( M, H& TBM) rules, 2008 - Items namely -Paint and ink Sludge/residues - Orange
Industries engaged  in recycling/reprocessing/    recovery/ reuse of Hazardous Waste under schedule iv of HW( M, H& TBM) rules, 2008 -  Items  namely  - Brass  Dross,Copper  Dross,Copper Oxide  Mill Scale,Copper Reverts, Cake & Residues, Waste Copper and copper  alloys in dispersible form, Slags   from  copper processing for further  processing or  refining, Insulated Copper Wire Scrap/copper with PVC sheathing including ISRI-code material  namely "Druid" Jelly filled Copper  cables "Zinc  Dross-Hot dip  GalvanizersSLAB, Zinc  Dross-Bottom Dross, Zinc   ash/Skimming  arising   from galvanizing     and     die        casting operations, Zinc     ash/Skimming/ other zinc bearing    wastes   arising         from smelting and refining, Zinc  ash and  residues including zinc alloy   residues in  dispersible from, - Orange
Industries engaged in recycling / reprocessing/ recovery/reuse of Hazardous Waste underschedule iv of HAY( Nil, Htlz TBM) rules, 2008 - Items namely - Spent catalyst containing nickel, cadmium, Zinc, copper, arsenic, vanadium and cobalt, - Red
Industries engaged in recycling / reprocessing/ recovery/reuse of Hazardous Waste underschedule iv of HW( M, H& TBM) rules, 2008 - Items namely -Dismantlers RecyclingylantsComponents of waste electricaland electronic assemblescomprising accumulators andother batteries included on listA, mercury-switches, activated glass cuilets from cathode-ray tubes and other activated glass and PCB-capacitors, or any other component contaminated withSchedule 2 constituents (e.g.cadmium, mercury, lead,polychlorinated biphenyl) to an extent that they exhibit hazard characteristics indicated in partC of this Schedule. - Red
Industries engaged in recycling / reprocessing/ recovery/reuse of Hazardous Waste underschedule iv of HW( M, H& TBM) rules, 2008 - Items namely -Spent cleared metal catalystcontaining copper„Spent cleared metal catalystcontaining zinc„ - Red
Industries engaged in recycling /reprocessing/ recovery/reuse ofHazardous Waste under schedule iv of HW( M, H& TBM) rules, 2008 -Items namely -Integrated Recycling Plants -Components of waste electrical and electronic assembles comprisingaccumulators and other batteriesincluded on list A, mercury-switches, activated glass cutletsfrom cathode-ray tubes and other activated glass and PCB-capacitors,or any other componentcontaminated with Schedule 2constituents (e,g, cadmium,mercury, lead, polychlorinatedbiphenyl) to an extent that theyexhibit hazard characteristicsindicated in part C of this Schedule. - Red
Industries engaged in recycling /reprocessing/ recovery/reuse ofHazardous Waste under schedule iv of HW{ M, H& TBM) rules, 2008 -items namely -Lead acid battery plates and otherlead scrap/ashes/residues notcovered under Batteries  (Management and Handling) Rules, 2001. [ * Battery scrap, namely:Lead battery plates covered by ISRI, Code word "Rails" Battery lugscovered by ISR1, Code word "Rakes". Scrap drained/dry while intact, lead batteries covered by ISRI, Code word "rains". - Red
Industry   or      processes   involving   foundry operations                                                                                                                                            - Orange
Industry or process involving'metal surface treatment orprocess such as pickling/electroplating/paint stripping/heat treatment using cyanidebath/ phosphating or finishingand anodizing / enamellings/galvanizing - Red
Insulation and other coated papers (excluding paper or pipe manufacturing)  - Green
Iron & Steel (involvingprocessing from ore/ integrated steel plants) and or Sponge Iron units - Red
Isolated storage of hazardouschemicals (as per schedule of manufacturing, storage ofhazardous chemicals rules ;1989as amended) - Red
Jute processing without dyeing - Orange
Lead acid batterymanufacturing(excluding assembling and charging of lead- acid battery in micro scale)' - Red
Leather cutting and stitching (more than 10 machine and using motor) - White
Leather foot wear and leather products (excluding tanning and hide processing except cottage scale) - Green
Lime   manufacturing  (using      lime kiln) - Orange
Liquid    floor   cleaner,   black  phenyl, liquid   soap,   glycerol     mono-stearate  manufacturing - Orange
Lubricating oil, greases or petroleum based products (only blending at nomad temperature) - Green
Manufacturing    of  tooth  powder, toothpaste, talcum powder and other cosmetic items - Orange
Manufacturing of coir items from coconut husks - White
Manufacturing of explosives,detonators, fuses includingmanagement and handlingactivities - Red
Manufacturing of glass                             - Orange
Manufacturing of glue andgelatin - Red
Manufacturing of iodized salt fromcrude/ raw salt - Orange
Manufacturing of lubricating oils ,grease and petroleum based products - Red
Manufacturing of metal caps containers etc - White
Manufacturing of mirror from sheet glass                                                                                                                                                                          - Orange
Manufacturing of mosquito repellent coil                                                                                                                                                                                 - Orange
Manufacturing of optical lenses (using electrical furnace) - Green
Manufacturing of paintsvarnishes, pigments andintermediate (excludingblending/ mixing) - Red
Manufacturing of pasted veneers using gas fired boiler or thermic fluid heater and by sun drying - Green
Manufacturing of shoe brush and wire brush - White
Manufacturing of Silica Gel - Orange
Manufacturing of Starch/Sago                - Orange
Mechanized  laundry  using oil firedboiler - Orange
Medical oxygen - White
Milk processes and dairyproducts(integrated project) - Red
Mineralized water - Green
Modular    wooden    furniture  from particle board, MDF< swan timber etc, Ceiling tiles/ partition board from saw dust,  wood  chips etc.,  and  other   agricultural     waste   using synthetic adhesive resin, wooden box making ( With boiler) - Orange
New highway construction project         - Orange
Non-alcoholic              beverages(soft drink)  &  bottling  of  alcohol/ non alcoholic products                                                                                                                                                    - Orange
Nuclear power plant - Red
Oil &  Gas  extraction including  CBM (offshore  & onshore extraction through drilling wells) - Red
Oil and gas transportation pipeline - Green
Oil mill ghani & extraction ( no hydrogenation / refining) - Green
Oil Refinery (mineral Oil or Petro Refineries) - Red
Organic and inorganic nutrients ( by physical mixing) - White
Organic Chemicalsmanufacturing - Red
Organic manure (manual mixing) - White
Packing materials manufacturing from non asbestos fibre vegetable fibre yarn - Green
Packing of powdered milk - White
Packing of powdered mill - Green
Paint blending-and mixing (Ball mill) - Orange
Paints and varnishes (mixing andblending) - Orange
Paper pins and u clips - White
Parboiled Rice Mills                                    - Orange
Pesticides (technical} (excludingformulation) - Red
Petrochemicals (Manufacture of and not merely use of as raw material) - Red
Petrochemicals Manufacturing (including processing ofEmulsions of oil and water ) - Red
Pharmaceutical Formulation for R & D purpose (for sustained release/extended release of drugs only and not for commercial purpose)  - Orange
Pharmaceuticals - Red
Phenyl/toilet cleaner formulation and bottling - Green
Phosphate rock processing plant. - Red
Phosphorous and its compounds - Red
Photographic film and itschemicals - Red
Ply-board  manufacturing (includingVeneer and laminate) with oil firedboiler/ thermlc   fluid    heater(withoutresin plant) - Orange
Ports and harbour, jetties anddredging operations - Red
Potable alcohol ( IMFL) by blending,bottling of alcohol products - Orange
Power generation plant [exceptWind and Solar renewablepower plants of all capacities and Mini Hyde! power plant of capacity <25MW[ - White
Power looms (without dye and bleaching) - Green
Printing ink manufacturing - Orange
Printing or etching of glass sheet usinghydrofluoric acid - Orange
Printing press                                              - Orange
Processes involving chlorinatedhydrocarbons - Red
Producer gas plant using conventional   up drift coal gasification (  linked to  rolling mills glass and ceramic industry  refectories for dedicated fuel supply) - Orange
Puffed rice (muri) (using gas or electrical heating system) - Green
Pulp & Paper ( Large-Agro + wood) , Small Pulp &Paper ( agro based-wheatstraw/rice husk) - Red
Pulp & Paper ( waste paper based units with bleaching process tomanufacture writing & printingpaper) - Red
Pulp & Paper ( waste paper based without bleaching process tomanufacture Kraft paper) - Red
Pulverization of bamboo and scrap wood  - Green
Railway locomotive workshop/Integrated road transportworkshop/Authoried servicecenters - Red
Repairing of electric motors and generators ( dry mechanical process) - White
Reprocessing      of           waste   plastic Including PVC                                                                                                                                                                                                           - Orange
Reprocessing of used oils and waste oils - Red
Reprocessing of waste cotton - Green
Rice mill (Rice hullers only) - Green
Rolling mill ( gas fired) and cold rolling mill  - Green
Rolling mill (oil or coal fired) and cold         rolling mill                                                                                                                                                                              - Orange
Rope (plastic and cotton) - White
Rubber goods industry (with gas operated baby boiler) - Green
Saw mills - Green
Scientific and mathematical instrument manufacturing - White
Seasoning of wood in steam heated chamber - Green
Ship Breaking Industries - Red
Silk screen printing, sari printing by wooden blocks - Orange
Slaughter house (as pernotification S.O.270(E)dated26.03.2001)and meat processingindustries, bone mill, processing of animal horn, hoofs and other body parts - Red
Soap manufacturing (hand made,without steam boiling / boiler)  - Green
Solar module non conventional energy apparatus manufacturing unit - White
Solar power generation through solar photovoltaic cell, wind power and mini hydel power (less than 25 MW)  - White
Spice grinding (>20 hp motor) - Green
Spice grinding (upto-20 HP motor) - Green
Spray  painting,  paint  baking, paint shipping                                                                                                                                                                                 - Orange
Steel  and  steel products  using various furnaces like blast furnace  open hearth     furnace/ induction furnace/ arc furnace/ submerged                                                                                                                                                                                        arc furnace /basic oxygen furnace/hot rolling reheated furnace                                                                                                                      - Orange
Steel furniture without spray painting - Green
Steeping and processing of grains - Green
Stone crushers                                           - Orange
Sugar ( excluding Khandsari) - Red
Surgical  and   medical     products  including prophylactics and latex - Orange
Surgical and medical products assembling only (not involving effluent / emission generating processes) - White
Surgical and medical products not involving effluent / emission generating processes. - Green
Synthetic        rubber       excluding molding                                                                                                                                                                                           - Orange
Synthetic detergent formulation - Green
Synthetic detergents and soaps/excluding formulation)                                                                                                                                              - Orange
Synthetic fibers including rayon ,tyre cord, polyester filamentyarn - Red
Synthetic resins                                            - Orange
Tamarind powder manufacturing - Green
Tanneries - Red
Tea processing ( with boiler)  - Green
Tephlon based products                            - Orange
Thermal Power Plants - Red
Thermo Meter Manufacturing - Orange
Thermocol  manufacturing  (with boiler) - Orange
Tobacco products including cigarettes and tobacco/ opium processes  - Orange
Transformer repairing/ manufacturing( dry process only) - Orange
Tyres  and  tubes  vulcanization/  hot retreating - Orange
Tyres and tube retreating (without boilers)  - Green
Vegetable        oil         manufacturing  solvent   extraction    and  refinery /hydrogenated  oils                                                                                                                                                    - Orange
Wire drawing and wire netting                      - Orange
Yarn / Textile processinginvolving any effluent/emission generating processes includingbleaching, dyeing, printing andcolouring - Red
Zinc Smelter - Red
7
Bank 
                                                        Name
10
Amount 
                                                        of Loan Required (In Rupees)
8
Bank 
              Branch                                          Name
11
Status
Submitted
Under Process
Sanctioned
Rejected
9
Loan Application Date(dd-MM-yyyy)
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
TS-iPASS
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
You are here  !
One of the key reforms undertaken by the State Government of Telangana to improve
                                        the investment climate is to facilitate and guide the investors proposing to set
                                        up industrial units in the State. To strengthen the investor facilitation, the Government
                                        has constituted a dedicated Investor Facilitation Cell at the Commissionerate of
                                        Industries. The Facilitation Cell provides information on various approvals/clearances,
                                        queries regarding investments in the State and availability of support for Entrepreneurs.
The key objective of the Facilitation Cell is to be the Single Point of contact
                                        for Investors interested in Telangana. They aim to provide focused attention in
                                        actualizing the investments on the ground through a “one stop” facilitation process.
G.O.Ms.No. 35
15/2016/32077/EODB,Dated:27/07/2017
Click here to register General Query
Or Call us at 040 – 23441636 and register your query with the Operator
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
:: TS-iPASS ::
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
You are here  !
TS-iPASS Certificate Verification
1
Type of Application
:
--Select--
CFE
CFO
Renewal
Incentives

3
Name of Unit
5
Unit location
Adilabad
Asifabad
Bhupalpally
Gadwal
Hyderabad
Jagtial
Jangaon
Kamareddy
Karimnagar
Khammam
Kothagudem
Mahabubabad
Mahbubnagar
Mancherial
Medak
Medchal
Nagarkurnool
Nalgonda
Nirmal
Nizamabad
Peddapalli
Rangareddy
Sangareddy
Siddipet
Sircilla
Suryapet
Vikarabad
Wanaparthy
Warangal - Rural
Warangal - Urban
Yadadri
2
UID Number
4
Category
Orange
Red
Green
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
Infrastructure Developments
◾ Details:
➤
Critical Infrastructure Balancing Scheme (CIBS)
Industrial Infrastructure Development Fund (IIDF)
ASIDE Scheme
Scheme for Financing Viable Infrastructure Projects through IIFCL (Revised)
Central Assistance to the State for the development of export Infrastructure and allied activities
Telangana Industries
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries

Sl No.
User Name
Mobile No
Mail Id
Ammendment
User Comments
Department Comments
1
Rajkamal
9000980203
reddy_cusat2007@yahoo.com
Amendment to Shops & Establishment Act
Madam / Sir, we congratulate for such reforms to make doing business convenient and industry friendly in the state of Telangana. I submit the following suggestions for your perusal:
1. On one hand you are saying there is 'NO INSPECTION' prior to registration. Then what is the need issuing 'provisional registration' and 'final registration'? When there is no inspection as per the ammendment, the only thing can be desk verification of the data submitted by the applicant. In such a case, let the final registration itself is grnated 2 or 3 days, while desk verification of documents can be completed in these 2 or 3 days.

2. If provisional registration is empowering the applicant as that of final registration - risk of any mischief by the applicant is same to the approved authority in both the cases of 'provisional registration' and 'final registration'. As said above, there is no inspection prior to registration. Instead, the final registration may be sanctioned with an undertaking of all TERMS and CONDITIONS in favor of dept thus eliminating sanctioning of  'provisional registration' completely.

Thank you.
2
SRINIVAS LINGALA
9000804957
infor1361@gmail.com
AIM SRINAGAR  LIN GALA S/O MALLAIAH  MDSE B.com c/s/e DTP,I T, SOLAR AGI PAMP TECHNICIAN ELECTRICAL W CC CWRC NAC NULDM TSSM,NSDC,ASCI   SIR  I WANT JOB? BUISNESS FINANCE 20.00 000/-
I HAVE PRIVET AMMPULAI ENGINEERS ELECTRICAL EEE B,TECH, I T I
DIPLOMA CANTED 10 TH  INTER, 7 TH ALL NUMBERS
3
JALAGAM NAGARAJU
7893314498
jalagamnagaraju100@gmail.com
new company plans TELANGANNA
4
L SRINIVAS
sir i want business license GST number
5
i want a business name: green village solar city
  tnredc  agriculture solar pump technician nsdc cwrc,wcc nuldm skills  building construction  public work deponent 
gri no:2017001358, cwrc no alohyd18/2016/00327 bejjur (mandal) asifabad (dist) 20 number pi pull in job available her
:: Welcome ::
Department of Industries
Welcome
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
NIC Codes
Contact
Key Sites
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres

Critical Infrastructure Balancing Scheme
Critical Infrastructure Balancing Scheme (CIBS)
Application Form for Assistance
                                                            from CIBF
Designed and Developed by
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries

Sl No.
User Name
Mobile No
Mail Id
Ammendment
User Comments
Department Comments
1
12453
9433571216
sujoy@gmail.com
Final order on 'Publishing real time status in public domin and SMS / e-Mail alerts to HoDs'
good
Thank you
2
abhilash
7386058553
janjarla.abhi12345@gmail.com
3
A SIDDHARTHA REDDY
9441069654
siddhuallams@gmail.com
as per GO MS: 36 INDUSTRIES AND COMMERCE (IP & INF) DEPARTMENT Dated: 25.07.2016 
 1) inspections should be conducted on every 2nd friday and 4th friday but at present situatation only one ipo is present in each dic , conducting  inspections only  on those two days is becoming burden , hence  the number of days for inspection should be increased.
2) The number of vehicles (passenger transport  ) per family is only 2 . hence during filing of claim proposal the adhaar cards of the family members  should be attached to the application,
3) rescheduling of inspection date should be added to the inspection menu,
Duly noted. Kindly share this concern also through the Feedback mechanism system available under âServicesâ tab on the TS-iPASS homepage for us to better track and respond to you
:: Welcome ::
Department of Industries
Welcome
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
NIC Codes
Contact
Key Sites
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres

Industrial Infrastructure Development Fund
The State Government has introduced a new scheme called the
"Industrial
                                                    Infrastructure Development Fund" (IIDF)
b.Electricity - Power connection.
c.Laying of drainage line from the Enterprise/Industry/Industrial Esate to the existing Point or to the natural dranage point.
d.Approach Road to the Enterprise/Industry.
e.Any other infrasturucture facilities as approved by the Government/SLC.
Eligibility
The Industries which are declared as "in-eligible industries" under Annexure-III of Industrial Investment Promotion Policy - 2010-15 are not eligible for financial assistance from Industral Infrastructure Development Fund.However, it is not applicable to Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe enterpreneurs.
Date of Filing Application
All eligible industrial Enterprises shall submit their claims in the prescribed application form given at
Annexure - XV
For Medium and Large Enterprises
Infrastructure like roads, power and water will be provided at door step of the industry for standalone units by contributing 50% of the cost of infrastructure from IIDF with a ceiling of Rs.1.00 Crore, subject to (a) the location should be beyond 10 kms from the existing Industrial Estates/IDA’s having vacant land/shed for allotment and (b) cost of the infrastructure limited to 15% of the eligible fixed capital investment made in the industry.
In case of Micro and Small Enterprises (Only for SC/ST Enterpreneurs)
For Micro and Small Enterprises set up by Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe entrepreneurs, Infrastructure like roads, power and water will be provided at doorstep of the industry for stand alone units by contributing 50% of the cost of infrastructure from IIDF with a ceiling of Rs.1.00 Crore, subject to (a) the location should be beyond 10 kms from the existing Industrial Estates/IDAs having vacant land/shed for allotment and(b) cost of the infrastructure limited to 15% of the eligible fixed capitalinvestment made in the industry. 50% of the cost of infrastructure is raised to 75% in respect of units set up by ST entrepreneurs in
Scheduled areas
Application form (ANNEXURE: XV of Go.ms no 42)
For further details refer GO MS No 42 Industries and Commerce(IP Deprt) dated 5/5/2011
Designed and Developed by
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries

User Name
District
--District--
Adilabad
Asifabad
Bhupalpally
Gadwal
Hyderabad
Jagtial
Jangaon
Kamareddy
Karimnagar
Khammam
Kothagudem
Mahabubabad
Mahbubnagar
Mancherial
Medak
Medchal
Nagarkurnool
Nalgonda
Nirmal
Nizamabad
Peddapalli
Rangareddy
Sangareddy
Siddipet
Sircilla
Suryapet
Vikarabad
Wanaparthy
Warangal - Rural
Warangal - Urban
Yadadri
Mobile Number
Mail Id
Department
--Select--
Consumer Affairs Food & Civil Supplies
Energy
Environment, Forests, Science and Technology
Health, Medical & Family Welfare
Home
Industries and Commerce
Labour, Employment Training and Factories
Law
Municipal Administration & Urban Development
Panchayat Raj and Rural Development
Revenue(CT)
Revenue (LA, Registration and Stamps)
Transport, Roads and Buildings
Amendment
Amendment to the provisions in Telangana Town Planning Act 1920
Amendment of Act provisions- Telangana Municipalities Act 1965
Comments
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
Self Employement Scheme

PRIME MINISTER’S EMPLOYMENT GENERATION PROGRAMME (PMEGP)
1.
The Scheme
Government of India has approved the introduction of a new credit linked subsidy
                                                                    programme called Prime Minister’s Employment Generation Programme (PMEGP) by merging
                                                                    the two schemes that were in operation till 31.03.2008 namely Prime Minister’s Rojgar
                                                                    Yojana (PMRY) and Rural Employment Generation Programme (REGP) for generation of
                                                                    employment opportunities through establishment of micro enterprises in rural as
                                                                    well as urban areas. PMEGP will be a central sector scheme to be administered by
                                                                    the Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MoMSME). The Scheme will be
                                                                    implemented by Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC), a statutory organization
                                                                    under the administrative control of the Ministry of MSME as the single nodal agency
                                                                    at the National level. At the State level, the Scheme will be implemented through
                                                                    State KVIC Directorates, State Khadi and Village Industries Boards (KVIBs) and District
                                                                    Industries Centres (DICs) and banks.
2.
Quantum and Nature of Financial Assistance Levels of funding under
                                                                        PMEGP
Categories of beneficiaries
Beneficiary’s contribution
Rate of Subsidy
Area (location of project/unit)
Urban
Rural
General Category
10%
15%
25%
Special (including SC / ST /
05%
35%
Note: (1) The maximum cost of the project/unit admissible under manufacturing sector
                                                                    is Rs. 25 lakh.
3.
Eligibility Conditions of Beneficiaries
(i) Any individual, above 18 years of age
Charitable Trusts.
Existing Units (under PMRY, REGP or any other scheme of Government of India or State
                                                                        Government) and the units that have already availed Government Subsidy under any
                                                                        other scheme of Government of India or State Government are not eligible.
✱ For further details and Project profiles visit :
www.kvic.org.in
www.pmegp.in
Telangana Industries
:: TS-iPass Govenrnment of Telengana : TST Team
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
To Upload Inspection Report

Official User
Search & Download Inspection Report
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries

User Name
District
--District--
Adilabad
Asifabad
Bhupalpally
Gadwal
Hyderabad
Jagtial
Jangaon
Kamareddy
Karimnagar
Khammam
Kothagudem
Mahabubabad
Mahbubnagar
Mancherial
Medak
Medchal
Nagarkurnool
Nalgonda
Nirmal
Nizamabad
Peddapalli
Rangareddy
Sangareddy
Siddipet
Sircilla
Suryapet
Vikarabad
Wanaparthy
Warangal - Rural
Warangal - Urban
Yadadri
Mobile Number
Mail Id
Department
--Select--
Consumer Affairs Food & Civil Supplies
Energy
Environment, Forests, Science and Technology
Health, Medical & Family Welfare
Home
Industries and Commerce
Labour, Employment Training and Factories
Law
Municipal Administration & Urban Development
Panchayat Raj and Rural Development
Revenue(CT)
Revenue (LA, Registration and Stamps)
Transport, Roads and Buildings
Amendment
Draft order on 'Publishing real time status in public domin and SMS / e-Mail alerts to HoDs'
Amendment of TSiPASS rules
Amendment to TS-IPASS New Services
Comments
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries

User Name
District
--District--
Adilabad
Asifabad
Bhupalpally
Gadwal
Hyderabad
Jagtial
Jangaon
Kamareddy
Karimnagar
Khammam
Kothagudem
Mahabubabad
Mahbubnagar
Mancherial
Medak
Medchal
Nagarkurnool
Nalgonda
Nirmal
Nizamabad
Peddapalli
Rangareddy
Sangareddy
Siddipet
Sircilla
Suryapet
Vikarabad
Wanaparthy
Warangal - Rural
Warangal - Urban
Yadadri
Mobile Number
Mail Id
Department
--Select--
Consumer Affairs Food & Civil Supplies
Energy
Environment, Forests, Science and Technology
Health, Medical & Family Welfare
Home
Industries and Commerce
Labour, Employment Training and Factories
Law
Municipal Administration & Urban Development
Panchayat Raj and Rural Development
Revenue(CT)
Revenue (LA, Registration and Stamps)
Transport, Roads and Buildings
Amendment
Amendment to the provisions in Telangana Town Planning Act 1920
Amendment of Act provisions- Telangana Municipalities Act 1965
Comments
:: Welcome ::
Department of Industries
Welcome
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
NIC Codes
Contact
Key Sites
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres

For NRI'S
Name of NRI :
*
Email Id :
Contact No :
To :
Query Description :
Designed and Developed by
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
Micro Small & Medium Enterprises
■
PMEGP-Prime Ministers Employment Guarantee Programme
About PMEGP
▹
In English
In Telugu
PMEGP Advertisement 2015-16
➤
Ineligible activities under PMEGP
Private banks recognised under PMEGP
PMEGP online Application Form
Sample Application Form
✱ For any other details and to apply online please visit :
www.kviconline.gov.in/pmegp/pmegpweb/

Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
ORGANISATION PROFILE

Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres

TSP SCP Releases
TSP PRELJAN15 PT
TSP PVS
SCP REL JAN15 PVS
SCP REL JAN15 PT
SCP REL JAN 15 IS ST
TSP REL JAN15 ADV IS ST
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
Export Promotions
ACTIVITIES Of COMMERCE AND EXPORT PROMOTION
                                                                                WING:
India International Trade Fair (IITF).
Pravasi Bharatiya Divas (PBD)
ASIDE (Central Assistance to State for Developing Export Infrastructure and other Allied Activities).
The Export Statistics for the last 11 years.
Export Strategy.
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
◾ Interdiction:
With an intention to give boost to economic growth, the government has enacted the special economic zone (SEZ) Act, 2005, whereby various fiscal incentives have been introduced for entrepreneurs and developers. One such fiscal incentive provided is exemption from payment of tax on book profit, for an entrepreneur operating a unit in a SEZ or a developer of a SEZ.
➤
Special Economic Zone 2000
Special Economic Zone 2005
Telangana Industries
:: Welcome ::
Department of Industries
Welcome
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
NIC Codes
Contact
Key Sites
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
Under Constrction

Designed and Developed by
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
Business Guide
1. Composite Loan
                                                Scheme
Eligible Borrowers:
Norms:
Purpose:
have been in operation for a period of at least two years,
have earned profit and/or declared dividend during the preceding two financial years
                                                        and
not be in default to institutions/banks in payment of their dues.
3. National Equity Fund Scheme (NEF)
4. Scheme for Women Entrepreneurs (MUN)
5. Scheme for Technology Development and Modernization (RTDM)
Purchase of capital equipment, need based civil works and acquisition of additional
                                                    land.
Acquisition of technical know-how, designs, drawings and fashion forecast where
                                                    relevant to specific product group.
Up gradation of process technology and products with thrust on quality improvement
                                                    comparable with acceptable domestic and international standards.
Improvement in packaging.
Cost of TQM and acquisition of ISO 9000 series certification.
Need based additional / incremental margin money for working capital.
6. Scheme for Textile Industry under Technology Upgradation Fund (RTUF)
Objective:
Primary
                                                Lending Institutions (PLIs)
a) Land and factory building including renovation of factory and electrical installations
b) Energy saving devices
c) Effluent treatment plant (ETP)
d) Water treatment plant for captive industrial use
e) Captive power generation
[ii] Investments in the installation of the following facilities including necessary
                                            equipment:
a) In-house R & D including designs studio
b) Information Technology including ERP.
c) Total quality management including adoption of appropriate IS /BIS standards.
[iii] Investment in the acquisition of technical know-how.
Lending in excess of the limits prescribed above in respect of these items will
                                            attract the normal lending rates.
i) Common utilities, viz. water supply, power substation, etc.
(Any additional investments would attract the normal lending rates)
Eligible Borrowers
:
silk reeling and twisting,
wool scouring and combing,
synthetic filament yarn texturising, crimping and twisting,
spinning,
viscose filament yarn (VFY),
weaving, knitting including non-woven, fabric embroidery and technical textiles,
garment/ made-up manufacturing,
processing of fibres, yarns, fabrics, garments and made-ups.
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
IMPORTANT GO'S
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
Government Orders 2012
G.O.Rt.No.137 Dated:05-03-2012
Industries & Commerce Department – Reconstitution of District Industries
                                                                                        Promotion Committee – Orders – Issued.
G.O.Rt.No.92 Dated:18-01-2012
Ind. & Com.(IP) Dept. – Collection and Utilization of User Charges
                                                                                            / Service Charges from the entrepreneurs for Single Window Clearance Services by
                                                                                            the Commissioner of Industries – Orders – Issued.
G.O.Rt.No.46 Dated:27-01-2012
Budget 2011-2012– Industries and Commerce Department - Release of
                                                                                            2nd instalment for an amount of Rs.42,96,91,000/- (Rupees Forty Two Crores Ninety
                                                                                            Six Lakhs Ninety One thousand only) towards Incentives for Industrial Promotion
                                                                                            - Sanctioned – Orders - Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 23 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                            Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/s Sri Lalita Cement Industries Ltd,
                                                                                            Raghunathapalem(V), Mattampally(M), Nalgonda District for their proposed 0.5 Mil.
                                                                                            Tons capacity Cement plant as a Mega Project – Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 22 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                            Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/s SRM Global Cements Corporation
                                                                                            Ltd, Nalgonda and Nellore Districts for their proposed One Mil. Tons Capacity Cement
                                                                                            plant along with 50MW Captive Power Generation as a Mega Project – Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 21 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                            Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/s Prism Cements Limited, Kotapadu/Kalvatala
                                                                                            Village, KolimigundlaMandal, Kurnool District for their proposed 9.6 Mil. Tons capacity
                                                                                            Cement plant as a Mega Project – Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 20 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                            Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/s Shabro Metals and Technologies Ltd,
                                                                                            Kadapa District for their proposed 2 Mil. Tons Capacity Cement plant along with
                                                                                            50MW Captive Power Generation as a Mega Project – Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 19 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                            Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/s MRKR Constructions and Industries
                                                                                            Pvt. Ltd., Kadapa District for their proposed 2.5 Mil. Tons Capacity Cement plant
                                                                                            along with 50MW Captive Power Generation as a Mega Project – Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 18 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                            Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/s BMM Cements Ltd.,Gudipadu(V),
                                                                                            Yadiki(M), Anantapur(Dt) for their proposed 1.5 Mil. Tons Capacity Cement plant
                                                                                            as a Mega Project – Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 17 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                            Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/s Shalivahana Cement Industries
                                                                                            Limited, Adilabad District for their proposed 2.6 Mil. Tons capacity Cement plant
                                                                                            as a Mega Project – Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 16 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Extension of time upto September 2012 for
                                                                                            Commencement of Commercial production to avail the special package of incentives
                                                                                            granted by the Government under IIPP 2005-10 Pipeline Scheme to M/s. Hindustan National
                                                                                            Glass and Industries Limited, S.P.S. Nellore District with an investment of Rs.1600
                                                                                            Crores in phased manner - Orders - Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 15 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Reduction of VAT to 4% on the Hydraulic
                                                                                            Mobile Excavator produce by M/s. Kobelco Construction Equipment India Pvt. Limited
                                                                                            at Sricity, Chittoor District with an investment of Rs.223.3 Crores - Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 14 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Enhancement of Investment Limit to Rs.350
                                                                                            Crs for availing 100% Gross VAT and CST / SGST reimbursement for a period of 10 years
                                                                                            by M/s. Mahindra and Mahindra Ltd for their proposed Tractor manufacturing facility
                                                                                            at Zaheerabad, Medak District under Industrial Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP)
                                                                                            2010-15 - Issue of Revised Orders - Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 13 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Extension of special package of incentives
                                                                                            to M/s. United Spirits Limited for their proposed container glass manufacturing
                                                                                            project at G. Konduru division of Vijayawada, Krishna District with investment of
                                                                                            Rs.1500 crsin phased manner with an initial investment of Rs.615 crores under Industrial
                                                                                            Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15, as a Mega Project- Orders - Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 12 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Extension of special package of incentives
                                                                                            to M/s. Krishi Fertilizers and Chemicals Pvt Ltd for their proposed Fertilizer Project
                                                                                            (Ammonia and Urea) manufacturing plant including a Captive Power Plant of 50MW capacity
                                                                                            atOdalarevu (V), Allavaram(M), East Godavari District with an investment of Rs.4800
                                                                                            Crores under Industrial Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 as a Mega Project
                                                                                            - Orders Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 11 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Extension of special package of incentives
                                                                                            to M/s Danieli India Limited for their proposed project to produce a “Fabrication
                                                                                            , Machining and assembling of Metallurgical Equipment’s” with an investment of Rs.475
                                                                                            Crores in two phases at Sri City DTZ, Chittoor District under Industrial Investment
                                                                                            Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 – as a Mega Project – Orders - Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 10 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Extension of special package of incentives
                                                                                    to M/s. Berger Paints India Limited for their proposed Water based paints and Emulsions
                                                                                    manufacturing plant in two phases at Hindupur (M), Ananthapur District under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 as a Mega Project – Orders Issued.
Telangana Industries
TS-iPASS
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
You are here
         !
Query
General Query
General Query Details
* Fields are mandatory
1
TS-ipass UID Number:
(If Applicable)

2
Applicant Name
*
:
District Name
--Select--
Adilabad
Asifabad
Bhupalpally
Gadwal
Hyderabad
Jagtial
Jangaon
Kamareddy
Karimnagar
Khammam
Kothagudem
Mahabubabad
Mahbubnagar
Mancherial
Medak
Medchal
Nagarkurnool
Nalgonda
Nirmal
Nizamabad
Peddapalli
Rangareddy
Sangareddy
Siddipet
Sircilla
Suryapet
Vikarabad
Wanaparthy
Warangal - Rural
Warangal - Urban
Yadadri
3
E-Mail
4
Mobile Number
5
Description
6
Upload:
[lblFileName]
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
:: TS-iPASS ::
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
You are here  !
Inspection Progress Details
1
Name of Unit
:
3
District
--Select--
Adilabad
Asifabad
Bhupalpally
Gadwal
Hyderabad
Jagtial
Jangaon
Kamareddy
Karimnagar
Khammam
Kothagudem
Mahabubabad
Mahbubnagar
Mancherial
Medak
Medchal
Nagarkurnool
Nalgonda
Nirmal
Nizamabad
Peddapalli
Rangareddy
Sangareddy
Siddipet
Sircilla
Suryapet
Vikarabad
Wanaparthy
Warangal - Rural
Warangal - Urban
Yadadri
2
UID Number
4
Department
PCB
TSCT
TSIICIALA
PRD
DISCOM
CEIG
TSNPDCL
TSSPDCL
FACT
INDUS
HMDA
CCLA
DTCP
FIRE
GW
HMWSSB
EXCISE
REGSTAMP
DCA
IRRIGATION
BOILERS
CDMA
LGDEPT
DIC-YADADRI-INSPECTION
DIC-WARANGAL-URBAN-INSPECTION
DIC-WANAPARTHY-INSPECTION
DIC-VIKARABAD-INSPECTION
DIC-SURYAPET-INSPECTION
DIC-SIRCILLA-INSPECTION
DIC-SIDDIPET-INSPECTION
DIC-SANGAREDDY-INSPECTION
DIC-PEDDAPALLI-INSPECTION
DIC-NIRMAL-INSPECTION
DIC-NAGARKURNOOL-INSPECTION
DIC-MEDCHAL-INSPECTION
DIC-MANCHERIAL-INSPECTION
DIC-MAHABUBABAD-INSPECTION
DIC-KOTHAGUDEM-INSPECTION
DIC-KAMAREDDY-INSPECTION
DIC-JANGAON-INSPECTION
DIC-JAGTIAL-INSPECTION
DIC-GADWAL-INSPECTION
DIC-BHUPALPALLY-INSPECTION
DIC-ASIFABAD-INSPECTION
DIC-KHAMMAM-INSPECTION
DIC-WARANGAL-RURAL-INSPECTION
DIC-NALGONDA-INSPECTION
DIC-MAHBUBNAGAR-INSPECTION
DIC-RANGAREDDY-INSPECTION
DIC-HYDERABAD-INSPECTION
DIC-MEDAK-INSPECTION
DIC-KARIMNAGAR-INSPECTION
DIC-NIZAMABAD-INSPECTION
DIC-ADILABAD-INSPECTION
RDO-Adilabad
RDO-Utnoor
RDO-Asifabad
RDO-Achampet
RDO-Armoor
RDO-Banswada
RDO-Bellampally
RDO-Bhadrachalam
RDO-Bhainsa
RDO-Bhodan
RDO-Bhongir
RDO-Bhupalpally
RDO-Chevella
RDO-Choutuppal
RDO-Devarakonda
RDO-Gadwal
RDO-Gajwel
RDO-Ghanpur_stn
RDO-Husnabad
RDO-Huzurabad
RDO-Hyderabad
RDO-Ibrahimpatnam
RDO-Jagtial
RDO-Jangoan
RDO-Kagaznagar
RDO-Kallur
RDO-Kalwakurthy
RDO-Kamareddy
RDO-Kandukur
RDO-Karimnagar
RDO-Keesara
RDO-Khammam
RDO-Kodad
RDO-Kothagudem
RDO-Mahabubabad
RDO-Mahabubnagar
RDO-Malkajgiri
RDO-Mancherial
RDO-Manthani
RDO-Medak
RDO-Metpalli
RDO-Miryalaguda
RDO-Mulug
RDO-Nagarkurnool
RDO-Nalgonda
RDO-Narayankhed
RDO-Narayanpet
RDO-Narsampet
RDO-Narsapur
RDO-Nirmal
RDO-Nizamabad
RDO-Peddapalli
RDO-Rajendranagar
RDO-Sangareddy
RDO-Shadnagar
RDO-Siddipet
RDO-Sircilla
RDO-Suryapet
RDO-Tandur
RDO-Thorrur
RDO-Toopran
RDO-Vikarabad
RDO-Wanaparthy
RDO-Warangal-Rural
RDO-Yellareddy
RDO-Zaheerabad
RDO-Warangal-Urban
TSTRANSCO

Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
Key Contacts
State Level Contacts
Chief Minister of Telangana
Minister for Major Industries Commerce & Export Promotion
Secretary
Food Processing
Biotechnology Cell
Vice Chairman & Managing Director
Director of Handlooms & Textiles and Development Commissioner
Director
Managing Director
LIDCAP
Department Level Contacts
Office Address :
www.industries.telangana.gov.in
Sri R.B.Devanand
addldir.inds@telangana.gov.in
Contact Officers at Commissionerate of Industries:
Name:
Designation:
Email:
Mobile:
Sri O.Raj Kumar
Jt.Ditector(GA)
jtdir.ga.inds@telangana.gov.in
9640990222
Sri S. Suresh
Jt.Ditector(Incentives & Sub Plan)
Jt.Director (IIPC)   (TS-iPASS)
jtdir.ii.inds@telangana.gov.in
dydir.sw.inds@elangana.gov.in
96400 92967
Smt.M.Sree Lakshmi/p>
Jt.Director(MSME, BT & FP)
jtdir.msme.inds@telangana.gov.in
96409 09898
Sri K.P.Sudhakar
Jt.Director(INF & FM)
jtdir.plg.inds@telangana.gov.in
9246690770
District Level Contacts
SNO
DISTRICT NAME
CONTACT PERSON
CONTACT NO
ADDRESS
MAILID
COLLECTORS MAILID
1
Adilabad
J.Ramkishan Naik
9640909837
O/o GM, DIC, Adilabad
gmdic.adbd.inds@telangana.gov.in
collector_adbd@telangana.gov.in
2
BADRADRI  KOTHAGUDEM
J.Raja Ram
9908718003
O/o GM, DIC, Ganesh Street upstair of Bhadadri Co-op Bank, Koattagudem dist.
gmdic-bdd-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-bdd@telangana.gov.in
3
HYDERABAD
Tulcha Naik
8297384192
O/o GM, DIC, Beside Lepakshi,Musheerabad,Hyderabad
gmdic.hyd.inds@telangana.gov.in
collector_hyd@telangana.gov.in
4
JAGITIAL
G.Sreenivas
9848021778
O/o Asst. Director of Industries, R&B Function Hall Near Bus Depot., Dharoor Camp, Jagtial dist.
gmdic-jgtl-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-jgtl@telangana.gov.in
5
JANGOAN
B.Gopi
9849246782
Hyd Road, Pragathi Pharmacy College Complex, Jangaon dist.
gmdic-jgn-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-jgn@telangana.gov.in
6
JAYASHANKAR BHUPALPALLY
Suresh(FAC)
9885822314
O/o Asst. Director of Industries, ITI Building, Subhash nagar, Bhoopalpally, Jayashanker Dist.-506169
gmdic-jsk-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-jsk@telangana.gov.in
7
JOGULAMBA GADWAL
T.Hanumanthu
9441902861
O/o Asst. Director of Industries, Quarter No.B-29, Collectorate Comlex, Jogulambad (Gadwal) dist.509125.
gmdic-gdwl-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-gdwl@telangana.gov.in
8
KAMAREDDY
B.Naveen Kumar (FAC)
9441903435
O/o GM, DIC, Room No.205, 1st Floor, Collectorate Complex, Kamareddy-503111
gmdic-kmr-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-kmr@telangana.gov.in
9
KARIMNAGAR
P.Pratap
9966733317
O/o GM, DIC,Industrial Estate,Padmanagar, Karimnagar
gmdic.krmr.inds@telangana.gov.in
collector_krmn@telangana.gov.in
10
KHAMMAM
K.Krishna Rao
9100879329
O/o GM, DIC, Industrial Estate,Khanapuram,Khammam
gmdic.kmm.inds@telangana.gov.in
collector_kmm@telangana.gov.in
11
KOMARAMBHEEM ASIFABAD
A.Satyanarayana
9885275766
O/o Asst. Director of Industries, New collectorate building, near forest office, Janakapur, Komeram Bheem Dist.
gmdic-kb-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-kb@telangana.gov.in
12
MAHABUBABAD
V.Veeresham
9849023916
O/o Asst. Director of Industries, Room No.7&8, Boys Hostel ITDA, Near Collectorate, Mahaboobabad  District.
gmdic-mbd-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-mbd@telangana.gov.in
13
MAHABUBNAGAR
J. Rajeshwar Reddy(FAC)
9848156183
O/o GM, DIC, Industrial Estate,Mettugadda,Mahaboobnagar
gmdic.mbnr.inds@telangana.gov.in
collector_mbnr@telangana.gov.in
14
MANCHERIAL
K.Sammaiah
9550049818
O/o GM, DIC, Govt. ITI Complex, Bellampally Road, Mancherial dist.504208
gmdic-mncl-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-mncl@telangana.gov.in
15
MEDAK
P.Ratnakar
7382821777
O/o GM, DIC, Room No.206, Collectorate Complex, Chegunta Road, Medak dist.502110
gmdic.mdk.inds@telangana.gov.in
collector_mdk@telangana.gov.in
16
MEDCHAL MALKAJGIRI
P.Ravinder
9866313049
O/o GM, DIC,Keesara Temple Road.
gmdic-mdl-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-mdl@telangana.gov.in
17
NAGARKURNOOL
O/o Room no 105, IOC building,Collectorate, Nagarkurnool dist.
gmdic-ngkl-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-ngkl@telangana.gov.in
18
NALGONDA
V.Koteswara Rao
9849254008
O/o GM, DIC, Kranthinagar,RTC colony,Nalgonda
gmdic.nlgd.inds@telangana.gov.in
collector_nlgd@telangana.gov.in
19
NIRMAL
G.V.Narsimha Reddy
9866215551
O/o Asst. Director of Industries, Old E.E. Irrigation Office, opp Collectorate, Nirmal-504106
gmdic-nml-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-nml@telangana.gov.in
20
NIZAMABAD
P.Pratap(FAC)
O/o GM, DIC, Industrial Estate,Subhashnagar,Nizambad
gmdic.nzbd.inds@telangana.gov.in
collector_nzbd@telangana.gov.in
21
PEDDAPALLI
P.Prem Kumar
9949908884
O/o GM, DIC, Govt. SC. Boys Hostel, near Ayyappa Swamy Temple, Peddapally-505272
gmdic-pdpl-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-pdpl@telangana.gov.in
22
RANGAREDDY
J. Rajeshwar Reddy
9848156183,7673916600
O/o GM, DIC, Balanagar X Road, Hyderabad.500037.
gmdic-rr-inds@telangana.gov.in
23
SANGAREDDY
Y.Hrishikesh
9640904555
O/o Gm, DIC,Near R&B office, Sangareddy.
gmdic-srd-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-srd@telangana.gov.in
24
SIDDIPET
B.Naveen Kumar
O/o GM, DIC, MPDO office complex, opp Collectorate, Siddipet dist.502103
gmdic-sdpt-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-sdpt@telangana.gov.in
25
RAJANNA SIRCILLA
P.Upender Rao(FAC)
9959967837
O/o GM, DIC, MPL shopping complex, Near New bus stand, Rajanna, Siricilla-
gmdic-rsl-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-rsl@telangana.gov.in
26
SURYAPET
V. Babu Rao
9440310432
O/o GM, DIC, Collectorate Complex, Durajpally, Suryapet-508213
gmdic-srpt-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-srpt@telangana.gov.in
27
VIKARABAD
M.Yadaiah(FAC)
9640090466
O/o GM, DIC, Sivareddy pet Indutrial Estate, Vikarabad-501101
gmdic-vkb-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-vkb@telangana.gov.in
28
WANAPARTHY
O/o Asst. Director of Industries,ST youth training centre,Nagavaram thanda, Wanaparthy
gmdic-wnp-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-wnp@telangana.gov.in
29
WARANGAL RURAL
M.Hari Prasad
9959333261
1-1-13/1, 2nd floor near venkateshwara Swant temple, Chaitanyapuri, Kazipet, Warangal dist.
gmdic-wglr-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-wglr@telangana.gov.in
30
WARANGAL URBAN
9640908877
O/o GM, DIC,opp venkateswara swamy temple,chaitanyapuri colony,REC petrol pump,kazipet Warangal
gmdic.wrgl.inds@telangana.gov.in
collector_wgl@telangana.gov.in
31
YADADRI BHUVANAGIRI
V.Prasanna Kumar
9840909806
O/o GM, DIC, Room No.201, B Block, Collectorate Complex, Pagidipally, Bhongir, Yadadri dist.-508126
gmdic-ydd-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-ydr@telangana.gov.in
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
The Sailent Features of the revival scheme are:
Relaxation from ULC Act:
Healthy Industrial Relation:
Interest rabate to Banks / Financial Institutions:
Deferment of CT Arrears:
Relief in Energy Charges:
If the sick industrial unit under consideration has to pay arrears of CC charges,
                                                it may be given choice either to pay the entire arrears of CC charges up to date
                                                of disconnection with interest and 4 months minimum charges during closure period
                                                without interest + CMD charges in one lumpsum for new connection, the percentage
                                                of interest charged by APTRANSCO/DISCOM on the arrears of CC charges will be subsidized
                                                to the extent of 15% of interest charged from out of the percentage of the total
                                                interest charges and the same will be paid to APTRANSCO subject to a maximum of
                                                Rs.5.00 lakhs and the balance percantage of interest charges shall be borne by the
                                                beneficiary ( which includes surcharge and penal interest etc.)
OR
If the Industrial unit under  consideration opts for payment of arrears of
                                                    CC charges up to the date of disconnection with interest and 4 months minimum charges
                                                    during closure period without interest + CMD charges in 3 annual installments then
                                                    it will be permitted to pay by 1/3 of the dues each year, with reimbursement of
                                                    15% of the interest charged from out of the percentage of the total interest charged
                                                    to APTRANSCO by Government, subject to a maximum of Rs.3.00 lakhs per year for a
                                                    period of three years, and the balance percentage of interest charges shall be borne
                                                    by the beneficiary ( which includes surcharge and penal interest etc.).
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
Frequently Asked Questions
1. How business can be conducted by a foreign company in India?
· Liaison/representative office
· Project Office
· Branch Office
· 100% Wholly owned subsidiary
· Joint venture company
3. How does a foreign company invest in India?
· Automatic Approval - by the country's Central Bank, the
Reserve Bank of India (RBI),
· Through the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB)
4. How are 100% Export Oriented Units (EOUs) registered?
5. Is investment by Non-Resident Indians (NRIs) permitted?
6. What proposals require an Industrial License (IL) and how is it obtained?
reserved for the Small Scale Sector
Schedule I:
Industries Reserved for the Public Sector
Schedule II: Industries for which Industrial Licensing is Compulsory
i. Distillation and brewing of alcoholic drinks.
form IL-FC
SIA
8. How is the value of plant & machinery computed?
9. What is a woman enterprise and what are the benefits provided to it by the
                                                                            Government?
SIDBI
10. Can an industry be set up under self-employment?
11. Who will assist in identifying the activity?
12. What steps are required for identifying the activity?
13. Where is market information available?
14. How can market potential be ascertained?
15. Which are the agencies providing financial assistance?
16. What are the eligibility criteria for getting a loan?
17. How much money the entrepreneur is required to invest out of his own resources?
18. What is the cost of borrowing money?
19. What is the procedure for getting a loan?
20. How is a Project Report prepared?
21. Is there any standard model for preparing the project report?
22. Is a model project report available?
23. Which agency assists in preparation of Project Report?
24. What details are required for preparation of Project Report?
25. Which are the agencies providing training?
26. Are there institutions providing consultancy for development or setting
                                                                            up of project?
27. Which institutions provide details of pollution control guidelines?
28. Does any agency help in promoting exports?
29. What is single window? And how it is useful?
30. What are scarce raw materials? How they can be procured?
31. MSMED act 2006
· Came into force from 2nd October,2006
· Govt of A.P issued G.O.Ms 311 dt 14.11.2006 for implementation of this act
· Enterprises are classified as manufacturing and Service enterprises
· Investment limit enhanced
· Two stage registration of enterprises is replaced by submission of Entrepreneur
                                                                        Memorandums (EM)
· Mandatory for filing EM for a medium scale manufacturing enterprises. It is optional
                                                                        in case of other enterprises
· The EM Application is in two parts i.e Part I and Part II. Part I has to be filed
                                                                        before the commencement of production and Part II after the commencement of production
· Acknowledgements for EM application shall be given within 1 day in case of applications
                                                                        filed in person and within 5 days incase of applications filed by post
· There is no fee for processing the memorandum.
Prior to MSMED act
Under MSMED act
Category
Investment Limit
Investment limit
Manufacturing enterprises
Service enterprises
Tiny units
Rs. 10 lakhs in P&M
Micro enterprises
Rs. 25 lakhs
Upto Rs.10 lakhs
SSI
Rs. 100 lakhs in P&M
Small enterprises
Rs. 25 lakhs to Rs. 5 crores in P&M
Rs. 10 lakhs to Rs. 2 crores
Spl 140 products like pharma, garments, hand tools, stationery
Rs. 500 lakhs in P&M
Medium enterprises
Rs. 5 - 10 crores
Rs. 2 - 5 crores
SSSBE
Rs.10 Lakhs in fixed assets
33. Industrial Facilitation Council
Ø Industry Facilitation Council has been constituted under the Interest on the delayed
                                                                        payments to Small Scale and Ancillary Industrial Undertakings Act 32/93 (subsequent
                                                                        amendment of 23/98.). Based on this Act, in A.P. constituted APIFC in 1999 and started
                                                                        functioning from 2000
Ø The main aim of the APIFC to assess the effectiveness in talking the problems
                                                                        of delay payments to SSI and Ancillary Industrial Undertakings. APIFC proceedings
                                                                        being conducted on every Monday of the month (working day).
Ø “Micro Small and Medium Enterprises Development (MSMED) Act. 2006 is in force
                                                                        w.e.f. 02-10-2006 and the Government is yet to formulate Industrial Facilitation
                                                                        Council as per the new act.
Ø Micro & Small Enterprises Facilitation Council Constituted under MSMED act
                                                                        2006
Delayed Payments Act to Micro & Small Enterprises
Previous Act
Change as per MSMED Act
Liability of buyer to make payment - period
90 days
45 days
Rate of interest payable on outstanding amount
Compound interest with monthly rests, at 1½ times bank rate
Compound interest with monthly rests, at 3 times bank rate

Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
IMPORTANT GO'S
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
Government Orders 2012
G.O.Rt.No.137 Dated:05-03-2012
Industries & Commerce Department – Reconstitution of District Industries
                                                                                        Promotion Committee – Orders – Issued.
G.O.Rt.No.92 Dated:18-01-2012
Ind. & Com.(IP) Dept. – Collection and Utilization of User Charges
                                                                                            / Service Charges from the entrepreneurs for Single Window Clearance Services by
                                                                                            the Commissioner of Industries – Orders – Issued.
G.O.Rt.No.46 Dated:27-01-2012
Budget 2011-2012– Industries and Commerce Department - Release of
                                                                                            2nd instalment for an amount of Rs.42,96,91,000/- (Rupees Forty Two Crores Ninety
                                                                                            Six Lakhs Ninety One thousand only) towards Incentives for Industrial Promotion
                                                                                            - Sanctioned – Orders - Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 23 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                            Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/s Sri Lalita Cement Industries Ltd,
                                                                                            Raghunathapalem(V), Mattampally(M), Nalgonda District for their proposed 0.5 Mil.
                                                                                            Tons capacity Cement plant as a Mega Project – Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 22 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                            Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/s SRM Global Cements Corporation
                                                                                            Ltd, Nalgonda and Nellore Districts for their proposed One Mil. Tons Capacity Cement
                                                                                            plant along with 50MW Captive Power Generation as a Mega Project – Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 21 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                            Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/s Prism Cements Limited, Kotapadu/Kalvatala
                                                                                            Village, KolimigundlaMandal, Kurnool District for their proposed 9.6 Mil. Tons capacity
                                                                                            Cement plant as a Mega Project – Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 20 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                            Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/s Shabro Metals and Technologies Ltd,
                                                                                            Kadapa District for their proposed 2 Mil. Tons Capacity Cement plant along with
                                                                                            50MW Captive Power Generation as a Mega Project – Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 19 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                            Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/s MRKR Constructions and Industries
                                                                                            Pvt. Ltd., Kadapa District for their proposed 2.5 Mil. Tons Capacity Cement plant
                                                                                            along with 50MW Captive Power Generation as a Mega Project – Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 18 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                            Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/s BMM Cements Ltd.,Gudipadu(V),
                                                                                            Yadiki(M), Anantapur(Dt) for their proposed 1.5 Mil. Tons Capacity Cement plant
                                                                                            as a Mega Project – Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 17 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                            Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/s Shalivahana Cement Industries
                                                                                            Limited, Adilabad District for their proposed 2.6 Mil. Tons capacity Cement plant
                                                                                            as a Mega Project – Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 16 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Extension of time upto September 2012 for
                                                                                            Commencement of Commercial production to avail the special package of incentives
                                                                                            granted by the Government under IIPP 2005-10 Pipeline Scheme to M/s. Hindustan National
                                                                                            Glass and Industries Limited, S.P.S. Nellore District with an investment of Rs.1600
                                                                                            Crores in phased manner - Orders - Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 15 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Reduction of VAT to 4% on the Hydraulic
                                                                                            Mobile Excavator produce by M/s. Kobelco Construction Equipment India Pvt. Limited
                                                                                            at Sricity, Chittoor District with an investment of Rs.223.3 Crores - Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 14 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Enhancement of Investment Limit to Rs.350
                                                                                            Crs for availing 100% Gross VAT and CST / SGST reimbursement for a period of 10 years
                                                                                            by M/s. Mahindra and Mahindra Ltd for their proposed Tractor manufacturing facility
                                                                                            at Zaheerabad, Medak District under Industrial Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP)
                                                                                            2010-15 - Issue of Revised Orders - Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 13 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Extension of special package of incentives
                                                                                            to M/s. United Spirits Limited for their proposed container glass manufacturing
                                                                                            project at G. Konduru division of Vijayawada, Krishna District with investment of
                                                                                            Rs.1500 crsin phased manner with an initial investment of Rs.615 crores under Industrial
                                                                                            Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15, as a Mega Project- Orders - Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 12 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Extension of special package of incentives
                                                                                            to M/s. Krishi Fertilizers and Chemicals Pvt Ltd for their proposed Fertilizer Project
                                                                                            (Ammonia and Urea) manufacturing plant including a Captive Power Plant of 50MW capacity
                                                                                            atOdalarevu (V), Allavaram(M), East Godavari District with an investment of Rs.4800
                                                                                            Crores under Industrial Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 as a Mega Project
                                                                                            - Orders Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 11 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Extension of special package of incentives
                                                                                            to M/s Danieli India Limited for their proposed project to produce a “Fabrication
                                                                                            , Machining and assembling of Metallurgical Equipment’s” with an investment of Rs.475
                                                                                            Crores in two phases at Sri City DTZ, Chittoor District under Industrial Investment
                                                                                            Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 – as a Mega Project – Orders - Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 10 Dated: 10-01-2012
Industrial Promotion – Extension of special package of incentives
                                                                                    to M/s. Berger Paints India Limited for their proposed Water based paints and Emulsions
                                                                                    manufacturing plant in two phases at Hindupur (M), Ananthapur District under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 as a Mega Project – Orders Issued.
Telangana Industries
TS-iPASS

Login
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
Right to Information Act
Industries Department Right to Information Act
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
/*a {
            color:#0026ff;
        }
            a :hover {
            color:#0026ff;
            }*/
Industries Directory
MSME Reports based on EM-Part-I&II
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres

Key WebSites
Government of Telangana
Government of India
International Websites
Projects and Technology
Industry Associations
Links to Government of Telangana Websites
Website Address
Department/Agency
www.telangana.gov.in
Govt. of Telangana Portal
www.scclmines.com
Singareni Collieries
www.hitex.co.in
HITEX, Exhibition complex
www.scrailway.gov.in
South Central Railway
www.ap.bsnl.co.in
Bharat sanchar Nigam Limited
www.spbiotechpark.com
Biotechnology Park
agri.tg.nic.in
Agriculture Department
tsobmms.cgg.gov.in/
Backward Classes Welfare
www.cyberabadpolice.gov.in
Cyberabad Police
it.telangana.gov.in/
IT , Electronics and Communication
tg.meeseva.gov.in
Meeseva
hc.ap.nic.in/
High Court
www.hmda.gov.in/
HMDA
www.ghmc.gov.in/
GHMC
www.hyderabadmetrorail.in
Hyderabad Metro Rail
Links   to Government of India Websites
http://goidirectory.nic.in
Directory of Official Web Sites
http://commin.nic.in
Ministry of Commerce and Industry
www.smallindustryindia.com
Ministry of Small Scale Industries
http://finmin.nic.in
Ministry of Finance
http://petroleum.nic.in
Ministry of Petroleum & Natural Gas
http://
Ministry of Power
http://texmin.nic.in
Ministry of Textiles
www.indiatradepromotion.org
Indian Trade Promotion Organisation
www.biotech.co.in
Department of Bio-technology
www.dipp.gov.in
Department of Policy and Promotion
http://ssi.nic.in
Development Commissioner for Small Scale Industries
www.india.gov.in
Govt. of India Portal
http://mofpi.nic.in
Ministry of Food Processing Industries
Links   to International Websites
Websites
www.unido.org
United Nations Organisation for Industrial Development
www.ilo.org
International Law Organisation
www.intracen.org
International Trade Centre
www.wipo.org
World Intellectual Property Organisation
www.insme.org
International Network for SMEs
Links   to Project and Technology
Website
www.apctt.org
Asian and Pacific Centre for Transfer of Technology
www.smenetwork.net
Network of Indian Business Associations
www.tifac.com
Technology  Information, Forecasting and Assessment Council (TIFAC)
www.techsmall.com
Technology  Bureau for Small Enterprises
www.apitco.org
AP Industrial Technical Consultancy
www.techno-preneur.net
Centre for Scientific & Industrial Research
www.aptdc.com
AP Technology Development Center
www.nstedb.com
National Science & Technology Entrepreneurship Development Board
www.csir.res.in
Council of Scientific and Industrial Research
Links   To Industry Associations
Website   Address
www.fapcci.in
Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chamber of Commerce
www.ficci.com
Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI)
www.nasscom.org
National Association of Software and Service Companies.
www.ciionline.org
Confederation of Indian Industry
Telangana Industries
TS-iPASS
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
Welcome to TS-iPass
Hon’ble Minister Sri K.T.Rama Rao invited the Daegu Automotive Industry reps to
                                visit Telangana state & evaluate investment opportunities. Mr Choi Woon Back, Director
                                General,
Hon’ble Minister Sri K T RAMA RAO meets Mr Anthony Fernandes, CEO and Ms Aireen
                                Omar, Dy CEO of AirAsia Berhad at the Telangana pavilion at World Economic Forum,
The Telangana delegation headed by Hon’ble Minister Sri K T RAMA RAO meets Ms Petra
                                Laux, Head Global and Public Affairs Novartis at the state pavilion Davos,
Hon’ble Minister Sri. K.T.Rama Rao Business meeting with Takuma Co. Ltd, Japan -
                                Exploring waste management and smartcity
Hon’ble Minister Sri. K.T.Rama Rao Business meeting with with ISE Foods Inc., Japan
                                for investements in Food processing and Renewable sectors
Minister Sri. K.T.Rama Rao along with a team of delegates from Telangana state met
                                Mr. Mitsunobu Yamamoto, Deputy Director, Minebea Corporation, Japan
Minister Sri. K.T.Rama Rao met with Mr. Shinya Katafuchi, Meiji Seika Pharma in
                                Japan on 17-01-2018. Meiji Seika Pharma Co., Ltd. handles business in manufacturing
                                and sales of ethical pharmaceuticals, agricultural chemicals and veterinary drugs
Announcements
MEDHA SERVO DRIVES to setup Rail/Metro Coach Factory in Telangana with an investment of Rs.800 Crore  |  Gemini Edibles and Fats India (P) Ltd to invest Rs.200 Crore in Telangana (Yadadri District) for its Freedom Brand Edible Oil  |  Hon'ble Minister Sri. K.T. Rama Rao will be releasing the 2016-17 Annual Progress Report of Telangana Industries & Commerce department on 12th June 2017 at Tourism Plaza Hotel, Begumpet, Hyderabad.  |  Medical Devices Park at Sultanpur village, Patancheru Mandal to be launched  on 17th June 2017  |  Telangana State Ranks First in Ease of Doing Business-2016 with 98.78% score  |  Hon'ble Chief Minister Sri.K. Chandrasekar Rao has launched TS-iPASS  |  Telangana State Hon'ble Chief Minister Sri.K. Chandrasekar Rao has launched Telangana Industrial Policies  |
The Telangana Government has enacted the “Telangana State Industrial Project Approval and Self-Certification System (TS-iPASS) Act, 2014” (Act No.3 of 2014) for speedy processing of applications for issue of various clearances required for setting up of industries at a single point based on the self-certificate provided by the entrepreneur and also to create investor friendly environment in the State of Telangana.
Registration
Facebook
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
IMPORTANT GO'S
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
Government Orders 2011
G.O.Ms.No. 68 Dated:11 -07-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under
                                                                                    Industrial Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/S. Trimex Sands Private
                                                                                    Limited, Srikurmam, Srikakulam District – Orders- Issued
G.O.Ms.No. 67 Dated:08-07-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2005-10 and 2010-15 policies to M/s. Maa Mahamaya
                                                                                    Industries Limited, R.L.Peta, Vizianagaram District for their existing and proposed
                                                                                    expansion project – Orders – Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 66 Dated:08 -07-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/S. K.P.R. Chemicals Ltd, Balabhadrapuram
                                                                                    Village, Biccavolu Mandal, East Godavari District for their project – Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 65 Dated:08 -07-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/s. AGI Glaspac ( a subsidiary of
                                                                                    Hindustan Sanitary Industries Limited), Bhongir Village and Mandal, Nalgonda District
                                                                                    for their expansion project Orders-Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 64 Dated:08 -07-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/s. Sathavahana Ispat Limited, Anantapur
                                                                                    District for their proposed Ductile Iron Pipes (DI Pipes) manufacturing facility
                                                                                    as forward integration and Sinter Plant as backward integration duly modernizing
                                                                                    the existing Mini Blast Furnace – Orders – Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 63 Dated:06 -07-2011
>Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/s.TM Tyres Private Limited, SPRS
                                                                                    Nellore District for their proposed tyre manufacturing facility project – Orders-
                                                                                    Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 62 Dated:06 -07-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2005-10 to M/s.SBQ Steels Ltd., Ankalapaturu
                                                                                    (V), Chillakur (M), SPSRR Nellore District for their existing project in partial
                                                                                    modification of earlier orders issued in G.O.Rt.No.402, Industries & Commerce
                                                                                    (IP) Department Dated: 06.07.2007 – Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 48 Dated:18 -06-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2005-10 to M/s. Silica Ceramica (P) Limited,
                                                                                    for Ceramic Vitrified & Glazed Tiles unit at Narayanapuram Village, Ungutur
                                                                                    Mandal, West Godavari District – Orders- Issued
G.O.Ms.No. 47 Dated:18 -06-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/s. Sarda Metals & Alloys Limited.
                                                                                    (formerly M/s. Sarda Energy & Minerals Limited), Vizianagaram District for their
                                                                                    proposed project – Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 44 Dated:26 -05-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/s Royal Enfield, Sri City, Domestic
                                                                                    Tariff Zone, Chittoor District for their proposed Motor cycles assembling and painting
                                                                                    unit – Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 38 Dated:30 -04-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of incentives to M/s Keerthi Industries
                                                                                    Ltd., Mellacheruvu Village and Mandal, Nalgonda District. for their proposed to
                                                                                    expand Cement manufacturing facility in Mellacheruvu Village and Mandal, Nalgonda
                                                                                    District under Industrial Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2005-2010 – Sanction
                                                                                    - Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 35 Dated:28 -04-2011
Industrial promotion – e-Biz project portal for Andhra Pradesh
                                                                                    – Constitution of Programme Management Group for effective implementation and monitoring
                                                                                    of the project – Orders – Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 34 Dated:23 -04-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2005-2010 to M/s Aurobindo Pharma Limited - Unit-IV
                                                                                    Situated at Plot Nos.4 & 34 to 48, APIIC, EPIP, Pashamylaram Village, Pattancheru
                                                                                    Mandal, Medak District - Sanction - Orders- issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 26 Dated:23 -03-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/s.Mahindra & Mahindra, Zaheerabad,
                                                                                    Medak District for their proposed Tractor Manufacturing facility unit – Orders-
                                                                                    Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 18 Dated:08 -02-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of incentives to M/s Idupulapadu
                                                                                    Cotton Mills Private Limited, Jonnatali village, Martur mandal, Prakasam District
                                                                                    for their proposed Cotton Yarn unit in Prakasam District under Industrial Investment
                                                                                    Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2005-2010 – Sanction - Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 13 Dated:02 -02-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2005-2010 to M/s Vibha Agrotech Limited, Hyderabad
                                                                                    for their proposed Seed Conditioning Unit near Jadcherla, Mahabubnagar District
                                                                                    – Sanction - Orders- issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 10 Dated:31 -01-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of incentives to M/s Mohan Spintex
                                                                                    India Limited, Krishna District for their proposed Spinning Mill (along with Modern
                                                                                    Ginning) at Remalle Village Bapulapadu Mandal, Krishna District under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2005- 2010– Sanction - Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 08 Dated:28 -01-2011
Industrial Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2005-2010 ––Extension
                                                                                    for the existing cutoff date from 31.03.2010 to 30.06.2010 for fulfilling the eligibility
                                                                                    criteria for Pipeline Mega Projects – Orders – Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 07 Dated:24-01-2011
Andhra Pradesh Industrial Single Window Clearance Act, 2002 –Constitution
                                                                                    of State Single Window Clearance Committee – Orders – Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 06 Dated:24 -01-2011
Andhra Pradesh Industrial Single Window Clearance Act, 2002 – Constitution
                                                                                    of District SingleWindow Clearance Committee – Orders – Issued.
G.O.Rt.No.29 Dated:19-01-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of special package of incentives
                                                                                    to M/s. Krishi Fertilizers and Chemicals Pvt Ltd for their proposed Fertilizer Project
                                                                                    (Ammonia and Urea) manufacturing plant including a Captive Power Plant of 50MW capacity
                                                                                    atOdalarevu (V), Allavaram(M), East Godavari District with an investment of Rs.4800
                                                                                    Crores under Industrial Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 as a Mega Project
                                                                                    - Orders Issued.
G.O.Rt.No.188 Dated:07-04-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of special package of incentives
                                                                                    to M/s Danieli India Limited for their proposed project to produce a “Fabrication
                                                                                    , Machining and assembling of Metallurgical Equipment’s” with an investment of Rs.475
                                                                                    Crores in two phases at Sri City DTZ, Chittoor District under Industrial Investment
                                                                                    Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 – as a Mega Project – Orders - Issued.
G.O.Rt.No.261 Dated:11-05-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of special package of incentives
                                                                                    to M/s. Berger Paints India Limited for their proposed Water based paints and Emulsions
                                                                                    manufacturing plant in two phases at Hindupur (M), Ananthapur District under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 as a Mega Project – Orders Issued.
G.O.Rt.No.304 Dated:28-05-2011
Industrial Promotion – Constitution of Taskforce to have negotiations
                                                                                    with promotion of Mega Projects – Orders- Issued.
G.O.Rt.No.320 Dated:07-06-2011
Industrial Promotion – Reimbursement of 10.5% (14.5% - 4 %) VAT
                                                                                    on local sales and inter- State Sales (without ‘C’–Forms) for a period of one year
                                                                                    prospectively to M/s. Kirby Building Systems India Limited – Orders – Issued.
G.O.Rt.No.477 Dated:16-08-2011
Budget 2011-12 – Industries & Commerce Department - Release
                                                                                    of 2nd instalment for an amount of Rs.43,03,69,000/- (Rupees Forty Three Crore Three
                                                                                    Lakh Sixty Nine thousand only) towards Incentives for Industrial Promotion - Sanctioned
                                                                                    – Orders - Issued.
G.O.Rt.No.526 Dated:16-09-2011
Budget Estimates 2011-2011 – Sanction of Rs.23,16,00,000/- ( Rupees
                                                                                    Twenty Three Crores, Sixteen Lakhs only) towards reimbursement of Power Cost for
                                                                                    the 1st and 2nd quarters of 2009- 10 – Administrative sanction accorded – Orders-Issued.
G.O.Rt.No.632 Dated:09-11-2011
Partnership Summit, 2011, scheduled to be held on 11-13th , January,
                                                                                    2011 at Hyderabad – Constitution of various Committees – Orders – Issued.
G.O.Rt.No.633 Dated:09-11-2011
Industrial Policy – Partnership Summit, 2011, scheduled to be held
                                                                                    on 11-13th January, 2011 at Hyderabad – Constitution of various Committees – Orders
                                                                                    – Issued
G.O.Rt.No.634 Dated:09-11-2011
Industrial Policy – Partnership Summit, 2011, scheduled to be held
                                                                                    on 11-13th January, 2011 at Hyderabad – Finalization of Agreements through Memorandum
                                                                                    of Understanding/Bidding Route - Constitution of Fast Track Project Evaluation Group
                                                                                    – Orders – Issued
G.O.Rt.No.664 Dated:24-11-2011
Budget 2011-12 – Industries & Commerce Department - Release
                                                                                    of 1st and 2nd installment for an amount of Rs.14,75,00,000/- (Rupees Fourteen Crores
                                                                                    Seventy Five Lakhs only) towards Incentives for Industrial Promotion under SCP –
                                                                                    Administrative Sanction – Orders - Issued.
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
IMPORTANT GO'S
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
Government Orders 2010
G.O.Ms.No. 32		Dated:13-04-2010
Industrial Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2005-2010 – Extension of Policy for a further period of three months or till the new Industrial Policy 2010-15 
                                                                                    comes into force which ever is earlier – Orders – Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 61		Dated:29-06-2010
Industries & Commerce Department – Incentives for setting up of New Industrial Enterprises in Andhra Pradesh- Industrial Investment Promotion Policy 
                                                                                    (IIPP) 2010-2015- Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 100	Dated:24-09-2010
Industrial Promotion – Extension of incentives to M/s Spin-Cot Textiles Pvt. Ltd., Guntur District for their proposal to expand Spinning Mill near 
                                                                                    Edlapadu(M) in Guntur District under Industrial Investment Promotion Policy 
                                                                                    (IIPP) 2005-2010– Sanctioned - Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 111	Dated:30-10-2010
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial InvestmentPromotion Policy (IIPP) 2005-2010 to M/s Emami Biotech Limited, Kolkata for 
                                                                                    their proposed Edible Oil Unit at Krishnapatnam Port Area, Nellore District– 
                                                                                    Sanction -
                                                                                    Orders- issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 119	Dated:23-11-2010
Industrial Promotion – Extension of incentives to M/s Continental Carbon India Ltd, Vishakhapatnam District for their proposed Green Field Carbon 
                                                                                    Black manufacturing facility unit under Industrial Investment Promotion Policy 
                                                                                    (IIPP) 2010-15 – Sanction - Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 120	Dated:24-11-2010
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 
                                                                                    2005-2010 to M/s Steel Exchange India Limited, Sriramapuram village, L.Kota 
                                                                                    Mandal, Vizianagaram district for their proposed Green Field Integrated Steel 
                                                                                    Plant – Sanction - Ordersissued.
G.O.Ms.No. 121	Dated:24-11-2010
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2005-2010 to M/s Aurobindo Pharma Limited, 
                                                                                    Polepally Village, Jedcherla Mandal, Mahabubnagar District - Sanction - Orders- 
                                                                                    issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 122	Dated:25-11-2010
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2005-10 to M/s. MRF Limited, Sadasivapet, 
                                                                                    Medak, District for their proposed expansion of the existing unit – Orders- 
                                                                                    Issued.
G.O.Rt.No.710		Dated:11-11-2010
Industrial Promotion – Constitution of Pharma Advisory Committee to suggest for growth of pharmaceutical /bulk drugs sector in the State – Orders – 
                                                                                    Issued.
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
Infrastructure Developments
◾ Details:
➤
Critical Infrastructure Balancing Scheme (CIBS)
Industrial Infrastructure Development Fund (IIDF)
ASIDE Scheme
Scheme for Financing Viable Infrastructure Projects through IIFCL (Revised)
Central Assistance to the State for the development of export Infrastructure and allied activities
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
IMPORTANT GO'S
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
Government Orders 2009
G.O.Ms.No. 145 	Dated:19 -06-2009
Industrial Investment Promotion Policy 2005-2010
(IIPP 2005-2010) – Reimbursement of land cost in Industrial Estates 
                                                                                    /Industrial Development Areas/Industrial Parks purchased directly from APIIC 
                                                                                    Limited - Amendment - Orders - issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 152 	Dated:24 -06-2009
Andhra Pradesh Industrial Single Window Clearance Act, 2002 – Notification 
                                                                                    
specifying the pecuniary jurisdiction of District Committees – Orders – Issued
G.O.Ms.No. 200 	Dated:11 -07-2009
Industrial Investment Promotion Policy 2005-2010
                                                                                    entrepreneurs for setting up of new industries in Andhra Pradesh – Change 
                                                                                    of Nodal Agency for theimplementation of SCP/TSP Schemes to Commissioner of 
                                                                                    Industries instead of A.P. State Financial Corporation – Amendment - Orders - 
                                                                                    issued.
Telangana Industries
Industries Department
Commissionerate of Industries
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
NIC Codes
Contact
Key Sites
EM-Part-II Data
TS FOOD PROCESSING POLICY 2017
Welcome
There are four key industrial economic sectors: the primary sector, largely raw
                        material extraction industries such as mining and farming; the secondary sector,
                        involving refining, construction, and manufacturing the tertiary sector, which deals
                        with services (such as law and medicine) and distribution of manufactured goods
                        and the quaternary sector, a relatively new type of knowledge industry focusing
                        on technological research, design and development such as computer programming,
                        and biochemistry.
Important Links
Tenders
Press Releases
GOs related to Industrial Promotion
Industrial Incentives
Key Websites
Business Guide
Key Contacts
Notifications
Press Release
For NRIs
Apply for Udyog Aadhaar
File your
                                Application of Raw Materials
Official Mail
Quick Links
MSME
District Industries
                                Services
Latest
Textile policy
G.O.Ms.No.62-Ineligible List
G.O.Ms.No.77-Operational Guidelines-T-IDEA
G.O.Ms.No.78-Operational Guidelines-T-PRIDE-For SC/ST entrepreneurs
Industrial
                                Policy
Solar
                                Policy
Life Sciences Policy
Land Bank
Salient Features of New Industrial Policy
T- Idea
                                Scheme – 2014
T-Pride
                                Scheme – 2014
IIPP
                                2010-15 - Extension of Time Period
T-Pride
                                - Creating a cadre of SC/ ST Contractors
Latest News
Copy right @ 2015.
Designed and Developed by Centre for Good Governance
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
IMPORTANT GO'S
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
Government Orders 2008
G.O.Ms.No. 333 Dated:20 -12-2008
Industries & Commerce Department – Incentives for setting up
                                                                                    of New Industries in Andhra Pradesh under Industrial Investment Promotion Policy
                                                                                    (IIPP) for 2005-2010 – All lines of activities listed under Section 2 (c) of the
                                                                                    State Financial Corporations Act, 1951 including Projects in Transport sector, Hotel
                                                                                    Industry etc. eligible to SC/ ST entrepreneurs under IIPP 2005-10 for incentives
                                                                                    – Orders – Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 95 Dated:02 -04-2008
Industries & Commerce Department – Special Incentives to Scheduled
                                                                                        Caste/Scheduled Tribe entrepreneurs for setting up of New Industries in Andhra Pradesh
                                                                                        – Industrial Investment Promotion Policy 2005-2010-Operational Guidelines for implementing
                                                                                        the scheme – Approved – Orders – Issued.
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
Key Contacts
State Level Contacts
Chief Minister of Telangana
Minister for Major Industries Commerce & Export Promotion
Secretary
Food Processing
Biotechnology Cell
Vice Chairman & Managing Director
Director of Handlooms & Textiles and Development Commissioner
Director
Managing Director
LIDCAP
Department Level Contacts
Office Address :
www.industries.telangana.gov.in
Sri R.B.Devanand
addldir.inds@telangana.gov.in
Contact Officers at Commissionerate of Industries:
Name:
Designation:
Email:
Mobile:
Sri O.Raj Kumar
Jt.Ditector(GA)
jtdir.ga.inds@telangana.gov.in
9640990222
Sri S. Suresh
Jt.Ditector(Incentives & Sub Plan)
Jt.Director (IIPC)   (TS-iPASS)
jtdir.ii.inds@telangana.gov.in
dydir.sw.inds@elangana.gov.in
96400 92967
Smt.M.Sree Lakshmi/p>
Jt.Director(MSME, BT & FP)
jtdir.msme.inds@telangana.gov.in
96409 09898
Sri K.P.Sudhakar
Jt.Director(INF & FM)
jtdir.plg.inds@telangana.gov.in
9246690770
District Level Contacts
SNO
DISTRICT NAME
CONTACT PERSON
CONTACT NO
ADDRESS
MAILID
COLLECTORS MAILID
1
Adilabad
J.Ramkishan Naik
9640909837
O/o GM, DIC, Adilabad
gmdic.adbd.inds@telangana.gov.in
collector_adbd@telangana.gov.in
2
BADRADRI  KOTHAGUDEM
J.Raja Ram
9908718003
O/o GM, DIC, Ganesh Street upstair of Bhadadri Co-op Bank, Koattagudem dist.
gmdic-bdd-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-bdd@telangana.gov.in
3
HYDERABAD
Tulcha Naik
8297384192
O/o GM, DIC, Beside Lepakshi,Musheerabad,Hyderabad
gmdic.hyd.inds@telangana.gov.in
collector_hyd@telangana.gov.in
4
JAGITIAL
G.Sreenivas
9848021778
O/o Asst. Director of Industries, R&B Function Hall Near Bus Depot., Dharoor Camp, Jagtial dist.
gmdic-jgtl-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-jgtl@telangana.gov.in
5
JANGOAN
B.Gopi
9849246782
Hyd Road, Pragathi Pharmacy College Complex, Jangaon dist.
gmdic-jgn-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-jgn@telangana.gov.in
6
JAYASHANKAR BHUPALPALLY
Suresh(FAC)
9885822314
O/o Asst. Director of Industries, ITI Building, Subhash nagar, Bhoopalpally, Jayashanker Dist.-506169
gmdic-jsk-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-jsk@telangana.gov.in
7
JOGULAMBA GADWAL
T.Hanumanthu
9441902861
O/o Asst. Director of Industries, Quarter No.B-29, Collectorate Comlex, Jogulambad (Gadwal) dist.509125.
gmdic-gdwl-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-gdwl@telangana.gov.in
8
KAMAREDDY
B.Naveen Kumar (FAC)
9441903435
O/o GM, DIC, Room No.205, 1st Floor, Collectorate Complex, Kamareddy-503111
gmdic-kmr-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-kmr@telangana.gov.in
9
KARIMNAGAR
P.Pratap
9966733317
O/o GM, DIC,Industrial Estate,Padmanagar, Karimnagar
gmdic.krmr.inds@telangana.gov.in
collector_krmn@telangana.gov.in
10
KHAMMAM
K.Krishna Rao
9100879329
O/o GM, DIC, Industrial Estate,Khanapuram,Khammam
gmdic.kmm.inds@telangana.gov.in
collector_kmm@telangana.gov.in
11
KOMARAMBHEEM ASIFABAD
A.Satyanarayana
9885275766
O/o Asst. Director of Industries, New collectorate building, near forest office, Janakapur, Komeram Bheem Dist.
gmdic-kb-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-kb@telangana.gov.in
12
MAHABUBABAD
V.Veeresham
9849023916
O/o Asst. Director of Industries, Room No.7&8, Boys Hostel ITDA, Near Collectorate, Mahaboobabad  District.
gmdic-mbd-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-mbd@telangana.gov.in
13
MAHABUBNAGAR
J. Rajeshwar Reddy(FAC)
9848156183
O/o GM, DIC, Industrial Estate,Mettugadda,Mahaboobnagar
gmdic.mbnr.inds@telangana.gov.in
collector_mbnr@telangana.gov.in
14
MANCHERIAL
K.Sammaiah
9550049818
O/o GM, DIC, Govt. ITI Complex, Bellampally Road, Mancherial dist.504208
gmdic-mncl-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-mncl@telangana.gov.in
15
MEDAK
P.Ratnakar
7382821777
O/o GM, DIC, Room No.206, Collectorate Complex, Chegunta Road, Medak dist.502110
gmdic.mdk.inds@telangana.gov.in
collector_mdk@telangana.gov.in
16
MEDCHAL MALKAJGIRI
P.Ravinder
9866313049
O/o GM, DIC,Keesara Temple Road.
gmdic-mdl-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-mdl@telangana.gov.in
17
NAGARKURNOOL
O/o Room no 105, IOC building,Collectorate, Nagarkurnool dist.
gmdic-ngkl-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-ngkl@telangana.gov.in
18
NALGONDA
V.Koteswara Rao
9849254008
O/o GM, DIC, Kranthinagar,RTC colony,Nalgonda
gmdic.nlgd.inds@telangana.gov.in
collector_nlgd@telangana.gov.in
19
NIRMAL
G.V.Narsimha Reddy
9866215551
O/o Asst. Director of Industries, Old E.E. Irrigation Office, opp Collectorate, Nirmal-504106
gmdic-nml-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-nml@telangana.gov.in
20
NIZAMABAD
P.Pratap(FAC)
O/o GM, DIC, Industrial Estate,Subhashnagar,Nizambad
gmdic.nzbd.inds@telangana.gov.in
collector_nzbd@telangana.gov.in
21
PEDDAPALLI
P.Prem Kumar
9949908884
O/o GM, DIC, Govt. SC. Boys Hostel, near Ayyappa Swamy Temple, Peddapally-505272
gmdic-pdpl-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-pdpl@telangana.gov.in
22
RANGAREDDY
J. Rajeshwar Reddy
9848156183,7673916600
O/o GM, DIC, Balanagar X Road, Hyderabad.500037.
gmdic-rr-inds@telangana.gov.in
23
SANGAREDDY
Y.Hrishikesh
9640904555
O/o Gm, DIC,Near R&B office, Sangareddy.
gmdic-srd-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-srd@telangana.gov.in
24
SIDDIPET
B.Naveen Kumar
O/o GM, DIC, MPDO office complex, opp Collectorate, Siddipet dist.502103
gmdic-sdpt-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-sdpt@telangana.gov.in
25
RAJANNA SIRCILLA
P.Upender Rao(FAC)
9959967837
O/o GM, DIC, MPL shopping complex, Near New bus stand, Rajanna, Siricilla-
gmdic-rsl-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-rsl@telangana.gov.in
26
SURYAPET
V. Babu Rao
9440310432
O/o GM, DIC, Collectorate Complex, Durajpally, Suryapet-508213
gmdic-srpt-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-srpt@telangana.gov.in
27
VIKARABAD
M.Yadaiah(FAC)
9640090466
O/o GM, DIC, Sivareddy pet Indutrial Estate, Vikarabad-501101
gmdic-vkb-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-vkb@telangana.gov.in
28
WANAPARTHY
O/o Asst. Director of Industries,ST youth training centre,Nagavaram thanda, Wanaparthy
gmdic-wnp-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-wnp@telangana.gov.in
29
WARANGAL RURAL
M.Hari Prasad
9959333261
1-1-13/1, 2nd floor near venkateshwara Swant temple, Chaitanyapuri, Kazipet, Warangal dist.
gmdic-wglr-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-wglr@telangana.gov.in
30
WARANGAL URBAN
9640908877
O/o GM, DIC,opp venkateswara swamy temple,chaitanyapuri colony,REC petrol pump,kazipet Warangal
gmdic.wrgl.inds@telangana.gov.in
collector_wgl@telangana.gov.in
31
YADADRI BHUVANAGIRI
V.Prasanna Kumar
9840909806
O/o GM, DIC, Room No.201, B Block, Collectorate Complex, Pagidipally, Bhongir, Yadadri dist.-508126
gmdic-ydd-inds@telangana.gov.in
collector-ydr@telangana.gov.in
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres

Key WebSites
Government of Telangana
Government of India
International Websites
Projects and Technology
Industry Associations
Links to Government of Telangana Websites
Website Address
Department/Agency
www.telangana.gov.in
Govt. of Telangana Portal
www.scclmines.com
Singareni Collieries
www.hitex.co.in
HITEX, Exhibition complex
www.scrailway.gov.in
South Central Railway
www.ap.bsnl.co.in
Bharat sanchar Nigam Limited
www.spbiotechpark.com
Biotechnology Park
agri.tg.nic.in
Agriculture Department
tsobmms.cgg.gov.in/
Backward Classes Welfare
www.cyberabadpolice.gov.in
Cyberabad Police
it.telangana.gov.in/
IT , Electronics and Communication
tg.meeseva.gov.in
Meeseva
hc.ap.nic.in/
High Court
www.hmda.gov.in/
HMDA
www.ghmc.gov.in/
GHMC
www.hyderabadmetrorail.in
Hyderabad Metro Rail
Links   to Government of India Websites
http://goidirectory.nic.in
Directory of Official Web Sites
http://commin.nic.in
Ministry of Commerce and Industry
www.smallindustryindia.com
Ministry of Small Scale Industries
http://finmin.nic.in
Ministry of Finance
http://petroleum.nic.in
Ministry of Petroleum & Natural Gas
http://
Ministry of Power
http://texmin.nic.in
Ministry of Textiles
www.indiatradepromotion.org
Indian Trade Promotion Organisation
www.biotech.co.in
Department of Bio-technology
www.dipp.gov.in
Department of Policy and Promotion
http://ssi.nic.in
Development Commissioner for Small Scale Industries
www.india.gov.in
Govt. of India Portal
http://mofpi.nic.in
Ministry of Food Processing Industries
Links   to International Websites
Websites
www.unido.org
United Nations Organisation for Industrial Development
www.ilo.org
International Law Organisation
www.intracen.org
International Trade Centre
www.wipo.org
World Intellectual Property Organisation
www.insme.org
International Network for SMEs
Links   to Project and Technology
Website
www.apctt.org
Asian and Pacific Centre for Transfer of Technology
www.smenetwork.net
Network of Indian Business Associations
www.tifac.com
Technology  Information, Forecasting and Assessment Council (TIFAC)
www.techsmall.com
Technology  Bureau for Small Enterprises
www.apitco.org
AP Industrial Technical Consultancy
www.techno-preneur.net
Centre for Scientific & Industrial Research
www.aptdc.com
AP Technology Development Center
www.nstedb.com
National Science & Technology Entrepreneurship Development Board
www.csir.res.in
Council of Scientific and Industrial Research
Links   To Industry Associations
Website   Address
www.fapcci.in
Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chamber of Commerce
www.ficci.com
Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI)
www.nasscom.org
National Association of Software and Service Companies.
www.ciionline.org
Confederation of Indian Industry
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
IMPORTANT GO'S
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
Important GO's
G.O.Ms.No.203		Dated:20-07-2006
SICK INDUSTRIES - REVIVAL OF SICK INDUSTRIES - A.P. SMALL SCALE 
                                                                                    INDUSTRIES REVIVAL SCHEME 2006 - REVISED GUIDELINES - ISSUED.
MSME Development Act, 2006
The Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 Details.
G.O.Ms.No.169		Dated:10-08-2004
AWARDS – New Policy of SSI Awards “Pearls of Andhra Pradesh”Policy of Andhra Pradesh – Approved – Orders – Issued.
Single Window Clearance Act,2002     Dated: 03-08-2002
The following Act of the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly received the assent o the Governor on the 1st August, 2002 and the said 
                                                                                    assent is hereby first published on the 3rd August, 2002 in the Andhra Pradesh 
                                                                                    Gazette for general information
G.O.Ms.No.307		Dated:11-10-1999
Industrial Facilitation Policy / (SSI) The Andhra Pradesh Industry Facilitation Council (Arbitration) 
                                                                                    Rules, 1999
G.O.Ms.No.111, M.A.		Dated:11-10-1999
H.M.W.S. & S.B. Protection of catchment Areas of Himayatsagar and Osmansagar Lakes – 
                                                                                    Recommendations of the Committee Constiluted by the H.M.W.S & S.B. – Amendment 
                                                                                    to G.O.Ms.No.192.M.A. Dated 31-03-1994 – Orders – Issued
G.O.Ms.No. 1541/SSI-A2/93-6.		Dated:27-05-1994
Purchase Preference to the Local SSI Units and purchase of Reserved items from A.P. Small Scale Industrial Development Corporation 
                                                                                    Ltd., - Instructions reiterated.
Telangana Industries
TS-iPASS
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
Privacy Policy
Commissioner of Industries does not automatically capture any specific personal information from you (like name, phone number or e-mail address), that allows us to identify you individually. If you choose to provide us with your personal information, like names or addresses, when you visit our website, we use it only to fulfill your request for information. To use the services like CFE,CFO approvals, raw material allocation, subsidies and CFO renewals, this website requires user registration and the Information collected is used to facilitate interaction.
We do not sell or share any personally identifiable information volunteered on this site to any third party (public/private). Any information provided to this website will be protected from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
We gather certain information about the User, such as Internet protocol (IP) address, domain name, browser type, operating system, the date and time of the visit and the pages visited. We make no attempt to link these addresses with the identity of individuals visiting our site unless an attempt to damage the site has been detected.
Hyper linking Policy
Links to external websites /portals
We do not object to you linking directly to the information that is hosted on this and no prior permission is required for the same. However, we would like you to inform us about any links provided to this so that you can be informed of any changes or updates therein. Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this must load into a newly opened browser window of the User. At many places in this, you shall find links to other . These links have been placed for your convenience. is not responsible for the contents of the linked destinations and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over availability of linked destinations.
Links to TS-iPASS by other websites
We do not object to you linking directly to the information that is hosted on this and no prior permission is required for the same. However, we would like you to inform us about any links provided to this so that you can be informed of any changes or updates therein. Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this must load into a newly opened browser window of the User.
Copyright Policy
Copyright policy (clause 3.1.1)
Moderate 4c Material featured on this may be reproduced free of charge after taking proper permission by sending a mail to us. However, the material has to be reproduced accurately and not to be used in a derogatory manner or in a misleading context. Wherever the material is being published or issued to others, the source must be prominently acknowledged. However, the permission to reproduce this material shall not extend to any material which is identified as being copyright of a third party. Authorization to reproduce such material must be obtained from the departments / copyright holders concerned.
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Indian Laws. Any dispute arising under these terms and conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of India.
Copyright policy (clause 3.1.1) Conservative
Material featured on this may NOT be reproduced under any circumstances.
Copyright policy (clause 3.1.1) Liberal
Material featured on this may be reproduced free of charge. However, the material has to be reproduced accurately and not to be used in a derogatory manner or in a misleading context. Wherever the material is being published or issued to others, the source must be prominently acknowledged. However, the permission to reproduce this material shall not extend to any material which is identified as being copyright of a third party. Authorization to reproduce such material must be obtained from the departments /copyright holders concerned.
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
IMPORTANT GO'S
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
Government Orders 2010
G.O.Ms.No. 32		Dated:13-04-2010
Industrial Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2005-2010 – Extension of Policy for a further period of three months or till the new Industrial Policy 2010-15 
                                                                                    comes into force which ever is earlier – Orders – Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 61		Dated:29-06-2010
Industries & Commerce Department – Incentives for setting up of New Industrial Enterprises in Andhra Pradesh- Industrial Investment Promotion Policy 
                                                                                    (IIPP) 2010-2015- Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 100	Dated:24-09-2010
Industrial Promotion – Extension of incentives to M/s Spin-Cot Textiles Pvt. Ltd., Guntur District for their proposal to expand Spinning Mill near 
                                                                                    Edlapadu(M) in Guntur District under Industrial Investment Promotion Policy 
                                                                                    (IIPP) 2005-2010– Sanctioned - Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 111	Dated:30-10-2010
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial InvestmentPromotion Policy (IIPP) 2005-2010 to M/s Emami Biotech Limited, Kolkata for 
                                                                                    their proposed Edible Oil Unit at Krishnapatnam Port Area, Nellore District– 
                                                                                    Sanction -
                                                                                    Orders- issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 119	Dated:23-11-2010
Industrial Promotion – Extension of incentives to M/s Continental Carbon India Ltd, Vishakhapatnam District for their proposed Green Field Carbon 
                                                                                    Black manufacturing facility unit under Industrial Investment Promotion Policy 
                                                                                    (IIPP) 2010-15 – Sanction - Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 120	Dated:24-11-2010
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 
                                                                                    2005-2010 to M/s Steel Exchange India Limited, Sriramapuram village, L.Kota 
                                                                                    Mandal, Vizianagaram district for their proposed Green Field Integrated Steel 
                                                                                    Plant – Sanction - Ordersissued.
G.O.Ms.No. 121	Dated:24-11-2010
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2005-2010 to M/s Aurobindo Pharma Limited, 
                                                                                    Polepally Village, Jedcherla Mandal, Mahabubnagar District - Sanction - Orders- 
                                                                                    issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 122	Dated:25-11-2010
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2005-10 to M/s. MRF Limited, Sadasivapet, 
                                                                                    Medak, District for their proposed expansion of the existing unit – Orders- 
                                                                                    Issued.
G.O.Rt.No.710		Dated:11-11-2010
Industrial Promotion – Constitution of Pharma Advisory Committee to suggest for growth of pharmaceutical /bulk drugs sector in the State – Orders – 
                                                                                    Issued.
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
IMPORTANT GO'S
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
Government Orders 2009
G.O.Ms.No. 145 	Dated:19 -06-2009
Industrial Investment Promotion Policy 2005-2010
(IIPP 2005-2010) – Reimbursement of land cost in Industrial Estates 
                                                                                    /Industrial Development Areas/Industrial Parks purchased directly from APIIC 
                                                                                    Limited - Amendment - Orders - issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 152 	Dated:24 -06-2009
Andhra Pradesh Industrial Single Window Clearance Act, 2002 – Notification 
                                                                                    
specifying the pecuniary jurisdiction of District Committees – Orders – Issued
G.O.Ms.No. 200 	Dated:11 -07-2009
Industrial Investment Promotion Policy 2005-2010
                                                                                    entrepreneurs for setting up of new industries in Andhra Pradesh – Change 
                                                                                    of Nodal Agency for theimplementation of SCP/TSP Schemes to Commissioner of 
                                                                                    Industries instead of A.P. State Financial Corporation – Amendment - Orders - 
                                                                                    issued.
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
IMPORTANT GO'S
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
Government Orders 2008
G.O.Ms.No. 333 Dated:20 -12-2008
Industries & Commerce Department – Incentives for setting up
                                                                                    of New Industries in Andhra Pradesh under Industrial Investment Promotion Policy
                                                                                    (IIPP) for 2005-2010 – All lines of activities listed under Section 2 (c) of the
                                                                                    State Financial Corporations Act, 1951 including Projects in Transport sector, Hotel
                                                                                    Industry etc. eligible to SC/ ST entrepreneurs under IIPP 2005-10 for incentives
                                                                                    – Orders – Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 95 Dated:02 -04-2008
Industries & Commerce Department – Special Incentives to Scheduled
                                                                                        Caste/Scheduled Tribe entrepreneurs for setting up of New Industries in Andhra Pradesh
                                                                                        – Industrial Investment Promotion Policy 2005-2010-Operational Guidelines for implementing
                                                                                        the scheme – Approved – Orders – Issued.
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
RAW MATERIALS
INTRODUCTION
HOW TO APPLY
The Industrialists who are seeking for allotment for Raw materials shall apply to
                                            the concerned General Manager, District Industries Centre in the Districts in the
                                            prescribed proforma alongwith necessary documents prescribed in duplicate. The application
                                            forms and required enclosures are appended(annexures I, II & III).
The General Managers should recommend the proposals duly enquiry on the status of
                                            the unit and verifying the genuinity of the documents enclosed as per the guidelines
                                            / instructions issued by the Commissioner of Industries time to time.
The allotment is being done by General Manager / Commissioner of Industries basing
                                            on the genuinity of the proposal and assessment done as per the actual requirement
                                            of the quantity on adhoc basis. After verification of the utilization and status
                                            of the unit actual requirement shall be allotted on reqular basis.
➤
New Coal Distribution
                                                Policy
Circular Memo No.11-1-5-00060006/fd,
                                                Dated :27-06-2011.
FOR ALLOTMENT OF COAL
                                                (IN TRIPLICATE)
INSPECTION PROFORMA
                                                FOR ASSESSMENT OF COAL REQUIRED TO INDUSTRIAL CONSUMER
CHECK SLIP FOR REQUIRE
                                                DOCUMENTS ENCLOSED DULY ATTESTED FOR ALLOTMENT OF RAW MATERRIALS:
APPLICATION
                                                FOR ALLOTMENT OF ALCOHOL / RS/ DS/ ETHANOL:
INSPECTION REPORT
                                                WITH WHICH THE DEPARTMENTAL OFFICERS FORWARD EACH APPLICATION
AFFIDAVIT
Telangana Industries
TS-iPASS
Forgot your password?
New
                                    User Registration
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
➤
List of cases sanctioned incentives
List of cases for which incentives were released
Abstract of Currents(incentives) pertaining to claims(General)received in O/o Commissionerate of Industries during the month of June 2015
Abstract of Currents(incentives) pertaining to claims(SC Subplan)received in O/o Commissionerate of Industries during the month of June 2015
Abstract of Currents(incentives) pertaining to claims(Tribal Subplan)received in O/o Commissionerate of Industries during the month of June 2015
List of communications pertaining to incentives claims received in O/o Commissionerate of Industries from all GMs,DICs during the month of June 2015
•
INDUSTRIAL INVESTMENT PROMOTION POLICY
                                                    2010-2015
G.O.Ms.No.61
                                                    Industries & Commerce(IP) Dated 29.06.2010 - IIPP 2010-15 Policy
G.O.Ms.No.42 Industries & Commerce(IP) Dated 05.05.2011 - Operational guidelines
G.O.Ms.No.102 - Industries & Commerce(IP) Dated 19.06.2012 - Allotment of Land
Operational guidelines for SC/ST entrepreneurs for allotment of Land  in Industrial
Application
                                                    Forms for IIPP - 2010-2015
INDUSTRIAL INVESTMENT PROMOTION POLICY
                                                    2005-2010
G.O.Ms.No.149
                                                    Industries & Commerce(IP) Dated 20.06.2008 - IIPP 2005-10 Policy
G.O.Ms.No.328 Industries & Commerce(IP) Dated 13.12.2005 - Operational guidelines
Application Forms for IIPP - 2005-2010
INDUSTRIES INVESTMENT PROMOTION POLICY 2005-2010 BOOKLET
G.O.Ms.No.77-Operational Guidelines-T-IDEA
G.O.Ms.No.78-Operational Guidelines-T-PRIDE-For SC/ST entrepreneurs
G.O.Ms.No.62-Ineligible List
T- Idea Scheme – 2014
T- Pride Scheme – 2014
Telangana Industries
TS-iPASS
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
New Registration
Already have an account in TS-Ipass
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
TS-iPASS
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
Terms & Conditions
This website is designed, developed and maintained by Commissioner of Industries, Government of Telangana.
Though all efforts have been made to ensure the accuracy and currency of the content on this website, the same should not be construed as a statement of law or used for any legal purposes. In case of any ambiguity or doubts, users are advised to verify / check with the Department(s) and/or other source(s), and to obtain appropriate professional advice.
Under no circumstances will this Department be liable for any expense, loss or damage including, without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any expense, loss or damage whatsoever arising from use, or loss of use, of data, arising out of or in connection with the use of this website.
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Indian Laws. Any dispute arising under these terms and conditions shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of India.
The information posted on this website could include hypertext links or pointers to information created and maintained by non-Government / private organizations. Commissioner of Industries is providing these links and pointers solely for your information and convenience. When you select a link to an external website, you are leaving the Commissioner of Industries website and are subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners / sponsors of the external website.
Commissioner of Industries does not guarantee availability of linked pages at all times.
Commissioner of Industries cannot authorize use of copyrighted materials contained in linked website. Users are advised to request such authorization from owners of linked websites.
Commissioner of Industries does not guarantee that linked websites comply with Indian Government Web Guidelines.
Hyper linking Policy
Links to external websites /portals
We do not object to you linking directly to the information that is hosted on this and no prior permission is required for the same. However, we would like you to inform us about any links provided to this so that you can be informed of any changes or updates therein. Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this must load into a newly opened browser window of the User. At many places in this, you shall find links to other . These links have been placed for your convenience. is not responsible for the contents of the linked destinations and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over availability of linked destinations.
Links to TS-iPASS by other websites
We do not object to you linking directly to the information that is hosted on this and no prior permission is required for the same. However, we would like you to inform us about any links provided to this so that you can be informed of any changes or updates therein. Also, we do not permit our pages to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages belonging to this must load into a newly opened browser window of the User.
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
Right to Information Act
Industries Department Right to Information Act
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
/*a {
            color:#0026ff;
        }
            a :hover {
            color:#0026ff;
            }*/
Industries Directory
MSME Reports based on EM-Part-I&II
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
Demographic
DEMOGRAPHIC PROFILE
State Capital
Hyderabad
Area of the State
114,840 Sq. Kms
Population (2001 Census)
3,51,93,978
Sex Ratio
978 (Females per 1000 Males)
Urban Percentage
39
Districts
Mahabubnagar,
                                                                    Ranga Reddy, Medak, Nizamabad, Karimanagar, Adilabad, Warangal, Khammam, Nalgonda
                                                                    and Hyderabad
Major cities
Hyderabad,Warangal,Karimnagar,Khammam,Nizamabad
Languages Spoken
Telugu, English, Urdu and Hindi
Major Rivers
Krishna, Godavari, Manjeera,Musi
Religions followed
Hinduism, Islam and Christianity
CLIMATE
Maximum Temperature
44.8 °C during summers.
Minimum Temperature
11.3 °C during winters.
Annual Rainfall (Average)
940 mm
INFRASTRUCTURE:
Railway
Railway Zone
Secunderabad- SC Railway HQ
Railway Divisions
Hyderabad and Secunderabad
Road
Total road network
Number of National Highways
State Highways
Airways
International Airports
Shamshabad
Domestic Airports

Air Connections
International
From:
To:
National
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
IMPORTANT GO'S
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
Important GO's
G.O.Ms.No.203		Dated:20-07-2006
SICK INDUSTRIES - REVIVAL OF SICK INDUSTRIES - A.P. SMALL SCALE 
                                                                                    INDUSTRIES REVIVAL SCHEME 2006 - REVISED GUIDELINES - ISSUED.
MSME Development Act, 2006
The Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 Details.
G.O.Ms.No.169		Dated:10-08-2004
AWARDS – New Policy of SSI Awards “Pearls of Andhra Pradesh”Policy of Andhra Pradesh – Approved – Orders – Issued.
Single Window Clearance Act,2002     Dated: 03-08-2002
The following Act of the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly received the assent o the Governor on the 1st August, 2002 and the said 
                                                                                    assent is hereby first published on the 3rd August, 2002 in the Andhra Pradesh 
                                                                                    Gazette for general information
G.O.Ms.No.307		Dated:11-10-1999
Industrial Facilitation Policy / (SSI) The Andhra Pradesh Industry Facilitation Council (Arbitration) 
                                                                                    Rules, 1999
G.O.Ms.No.111, M.A.		Dated:11-10-1999
H.M.W.S. & S.B. Protection of catchment Areas of Himayatsagar and Osmansagar Lakes – 
                                                                                    Recommendations of the Committee Constiluted by the H.M.W.S & S.B. – Amendment 
                                                                                    to G.O.Ms.No.192.M.A. Dated 31-03-1994 – Orders – Issued
G.O.Ms.No. 1541/SSI-A2/93-6.		Dated:27-05-1994
Purchase Preference to the Local SSI Units and purchase of Reserved items from A.P. Small Scale Industrial Development Corporation 
                                                                                    Ltd., - Instructions reiterated.
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Key Sites
EM-Part-II Data
Contact
Welcome
There are four key industrial economic sectors: 
                    the primary sector, largely raw material extraction industries such as mining and farming; 
                    the secondary sector, involving refining, construction, and manufacturing 
                    the tertiary sector, which deals with services (such as law and medicine) and distribution of manufactured goods and the quaternary sector,
                    a relatively new type of knowledge industry focusing on technological research, 
                    design and development such as computer programming, and biochemistry.
Sri K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri K.T.Ramarao
Hon'ble Minister of Industries
Industries
Map
state of Telangana map
Important Links
Tenders
Press Releases
GOs related to Industrial Promotion
Industrial Incentives
Key Websites
Business Guide
Key Contacts
Notifications
Latest
Textile policy
TS FOOD PROCESSING POLICY 2017
G.O.Ms.No.62-Ineligible List
G.O.Ms.No.77-Operational Guidelines-T-IDEA
G.O.Ms.No.78-Operational Guidelines-T-PRIDE-For SC/ST entrepreneurs
Industrial
                                Policy
Solar
                                Policy
Land Bank
Salient Features of New Industrial Policy
T- Idea
                                Scheme – 2014
T-Pride
                                Scheme – 2014
IIPP
                                2010-15 - Extension of Time Period
T-Pride
                                - Creating a cadre of SC/ ST Contractors
Quick Links
TS Industry News Letter -July 2018
TS Industry News Letter -April 2018
Annual Report
MSME
District Industries Center
Incentives
Micro Small And Medium Enterprises
Districts
Latest News
Policies
Textile Policy
TS Food Processing Policy
GO
G.O.M.S No 62- Ineligible List
Industrial Policy
Solar Policy
Sailent Features of New Industrial Policy
Schemes
T-Idea Scheme - 2014
T-Pride Scheme - 2014
IIPP 2010-15 Extension of time period
T-Pride - Creating a cadre of SC/ST Contractors
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
IMPORTANT GO'S
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
Government Orders 2011
G.O.Ms.No. 68 Dated:11 -07-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under
                                                                                    Industrial Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/S. Trimex Sands Private
                                                                                    Limited, Srikurmam, Srikakulam District – Orders- Issued
G.O.Ms.No. 67 Dated:08-07-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2005-10 and 2010-15 policies to M/s. Maa Mahamaya
                                                                                    Industries Limited, R.L.Peta, Vizianagaram District for their existing and proposed
                                                                                    expansion project – Orders – Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 66 Dated:08 -07-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/S. K.P.R. Chemicals Ltd, Balabhadrapuram
                                                                                    Village, Biccavolu Mandal, East Godavari District for their project – Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 65 Dated:08 -07-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/s. AGI Glaspac ( a subsidiary of
                                                                                    Hindustan Sanitary Industries Limited), Bhongir Village and Mandal, Nalgonda District
                                                                                    for their expansion project Orders-Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 64 Dated:08 -07-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/s. Sathavahana Ispat Limited, Anantapur
                                                                                    District for their proposed Ductile Iron Pipes (DI Pipes) manufacturing facility
                                                                                    as forward integration and Sinter Plant as backward integration duly modernizing
                                                                                    the existing Mini Blast Furnace – Orders – Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 63 Dated:06 -07-2011
>Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/s.TM Tyres Private Limited, SPRS
                                                                                    Nellore District for their proposed tyre manufacturing facility project – Orders-
                                                                                    Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 62 Dated:06 -07-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2005-10 to M/s.SBQ Steels Ltd., Ankalapaturu
                                                                                    (V), Chillakur (M), SPSRR Nellore District for their existing project in partial
                                                                                    modification of earlier orders issued in G.O.Rt.No.402, Industries & Commerce
                                                                                    (IP) Department Dated: 06.07.2007 – Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 48 Dated:18 -06-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2005-10 to M/s. Silica Ceramica (P) Limited,
                                                                                    for Ceramic Vitrified & Glazed Tiles unit at Narayanapuram Village, Ungutur
                                                                                    Mandal, West Godavari District – Orders- Issued
G.O.Ms.No. 47 Dated:18 -06-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/s. Sarda Metals & Alloys Limited.
                                                                                    (formerly M/s. Sarda Energy & Minerals Limited), Vizianagaram District for their
                                                                                    proposed project – Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 44 Dated:26 -05-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/s Royal Enfield, Sri City, Domestic
                                                                                    Tariff Zone, Chittoor District for their proposed Motor cycles assembling and painting
                                                                                    unit – Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 38 Dated:30 -04-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of incentives to M/s Keerthi Industries
                                                                                    Ltd., Mellacheruvu Village and Mandal, Nalgonda District. for their proposed to
                                                                                    expand Cement manufacturing facility in Mellacheruvu Village and Mandal, Nalgonda
                                                                                    District under Industrial Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2005-2010 – Sanction
                                                                                    - Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 35 Dated:28 -04-2011
Industrial promotion – e-Biz project portal for Andhra Pradesh
                                                                                    – Constitution of Programme Management Group for effective implementation and monitoring
                                                                                    of the project – Orders – Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 34 Dated:23 -04-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2005-2010 to M/s Aurobindo Pharma Limited - Unit-IV
                                                                                    Situated at Plot Nos.4 & 34 to 48, APIIC, EPIP, Pashamylaram Village, Pattancheru
                                                                                    Mandal, Medak District - Sanction - Orders- issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 26 Dated:23 -03-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 to M/s.Mahindra & Mahindra, Zaheerabad,
                                                                                    Medak District for their proposed Tractor Manufacturing facility unit – Orders-
                                                                                    Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 18 Dated:08 -02-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of incentives to M/s Idupulapadu
                                                                                    Cotton Mills Private Limited, Jonnatali village, Martur mandal, Prakasam District
                                                                                    for their proposed Cotton Yarn unit in Prakasam District under Industrial Investment
                                                                                    Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2005-2010 – Sanction - Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 13 Dated:02 -02-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of certain incentives under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2005-2010 to M/s Vibha Agrotech Limited, Hyderabad
                                                                                    for their proposed Seed Conditioning Unit near Jadcherla, Mahabubnagar District
                                                                                    – Sanction - Orders- issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 10 Dated:31 -01-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of incentives to M/s Mohan Spintex
                                                                                    India Limited, Krishna District for their proposed Spinning Mill (along with Modern
                                                                                    Ginning) at Remalle Village Bapulapadu Mandal, Krishna District under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2005- 2010– Sanction - Orders- Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 08 Dated:28 -01-2011
Industrial Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2005-2010 ––Extension
                                                                                    for the existing cutoff date from 31.03.2010 to 30.06.2010 for fulfilling the eligibility
                                                                                    criteria for Pipeline Mega Projects – Orders – Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 07 Dated:24-01-2011
Andhra Pradesh Industrial Single Window Clearance Act, 2002 –Constitution
                                                                                    of State Single Window Clearance Committee – Orders – Issued.
G.O.Ms.No. 06 Dated:24 -01-2011
Andhra Pradesh Industrial Single Window Clearance Act, 2002 – Constitution
                                                                                    of District SingleWindow Clearance Committee – Orders – Issued.
G.O.Rt.No.29 Dated:19-01-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of special package of incentives
                                                                                    to M/s. Krishi Fertilizers and Chemicals Pvt Ltd for their proposed Fertilizer Project
                                                                                    (Ammonia and Urea) manufacturing plant including a Captive Power Plant of 50MW capacity
                                                                                    atOdalarevu (V), Allavaram(M), East Godavari District with an investment of Rs.4800
                                                                                    Crores under Industrial Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 as a Mega Project
                                                                                    - Orders Issued.
G.O.Rt.No.188 Dated:07-04-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of special package of incentives
                                                                                    to M/s Danieli India Limited for their proposed project to produce a “Fabrication
                                                                                    , Machining and assembling of Metallurgical Equipment’s” with an investment of Rs.475
                                                                                    Crores in two phases at Sri City DTZ, Chittoor District under Industrial Investment
                                                                                    Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 – as a Mega Project – Orders - Issued.
G.O.Rt.No.261 Dated:11-05-2011
Industrial Promotion – Extension of special package of incentives
                                                                                    to M/s. Berger Paints India Limited for their proposed Water based paints and Emulsions
                                                                                    manufacturing plant in two phases at Hindupur (M), Ananthapur District under Industrial
                                                                                    Investment Promotion Policy (IIPP) 2010-15 as a Mega Project – Orders Issued.
G.O.Rt.No.304 Dated:28-05-2011
Industrial Promotion – Constitution of Taskforce to have negotiations
                                                                                    with promotion of Mega Projects – Orders- Issued.
G.O.Rt.No.320 Dated:07-06-2011
Industrial Promotion – Reimbursement of 10.5% (14.5% - 4 %) VAT
                                                                                    on local sales and inter- State Sales (without ‘C’–Forms) for a period of one year
                                                                                    prospectively to M/s. Kirby Building Systems India Limited – Orders – Issued.
G.O.Rt.No.477 Dated:16-08-2011
Budget 2011-12 – Industries & Commerce Department - Release
                                                                                    of 2nd instalment for an amount of Rs.43,03,69,000/- (Rupees Forty Three Crore Three
                                                                                    Lakh Sixty Nine thousand only) towards Incentives for Industrial Promotion - Sanctioned
                                                                                    – Orders - Issued.
G.O.Rt.No.526 Dated:16-09-2011
Budget Estimates 2011-2011 – Sanction of Rs.23,16,00,000/- ( Rupees
                                                                                    Twenty Three Crores, Sixteen Lakhs only) towards reimbursement of Power Cost for
                                                                                    the 1st and 2nd quarters of 2009- 10 – Administrative sanction accorded – Orders-Issued.
G.O.Rt.No.632 Dated:09-11-2011
Partnership Summit, 2011, scheduled to be held on 11-13th , January,
                                                                                    2011 at Hyderabad – Constitution of various Committees – Orders – Issued.
G.O.Rt.No.633 Dated:09-11-2011
Industrial Policy – Partnership Summit, 2011, scheduled to be held
                                                                                    on 11-13th January, 2011 at Hyderabad – Constitution of various Committees – Orders
                                                                                    – Issued
G.O.Rt.No.634 Dated:09-11-2011
Industrial Policy – Partnership Summit, 2011, scheduled to be held
                                                                                    on 11-13th January, 2011 at Hyderabad – Finalization of Agreements through Memorandum
                                                                                    of Understanding/Bidding Route - Constitution of Fast Track Project Evaluation Group
                                                                                    – Orders – Issued
G.O.Rt.No.664 Dated:24-11-2011
Budget 2011-12 – Industries & Commerce Department - Release
                                                                                    of 1st and 2nd installment for an amount of Rs.14,75,00,000/- (Rupees Fourteen Crores
                                                                                    Seventy Five Lakhs only) towards Incentives for Industrial Promotion under SCP –
                                                                                    Administrative Sanction – Orders - Issued.
Telangana Industries
:: Welcome ::
Department of Industries
Welcome
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
NIC Codes
Contact
Key Sites
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres

Industrial Infrastructure Development Fund
The State Government has introduced a new scheme called the
"Industrial
                                                    Infrastructure Development Fund" (IIDF)
b.Electricity - Power connection.
c.Laying of drainage line from the Enterprise/Industry/Industrial Esate to the existing Point or to the natural dranage point.
d.Approach Road to the Enterprise/Industry.
e.Any other infrasturucture facilities as approved by the Government/SLC.
Eligibility
The Industries which are declared as "in-eligible industries" under Annexure-III of Industrial Investment Promotion Policy - 2010-15 are not eligible for financial assistance from Industral Infrastructure Development Fund.However, it is not applicable to Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe enterpreneurs.
Date of Filing Application
All eligible industrial Enterprises shall submit their claims in the prescribed application form given at
Annexure - XV
For Medium and Large Enterprises
Infrastructure like roads, power and water will be provided at door step of the industry for standalone units by contributing 50% of the cost of infrastructure from IIDF with a ceiling of Rs.1.00 Crore, subject to (a) the location should be beyond 10 kms from the existing Industrial Estates/IDA’s having vacant land/shed for allotment and (b) cost of the infrastructure limited to 15% of the eligible fixed capital investment made in the industry.
In case of Micro and Small Enterprises (Only for SC/ST Enterpreneurs)
For Micro and Small Enterprises set up by Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe entrepreneurs, Infrastructure like roads, power and water will be provided at doorstep of the industry for stand alone units by contributing 50% of the cost of infrastructure from IIDF with a ceiling of Rs.1.00 Crore, subject to (a) the location should be beyond 10 kms from the existing Industrial Estates/IDAs having vacant land/shed for allotment and(b) cost of the infrastructure limited to 15% of the eligible fixed capitalinvestment made in the industry. 50% of the cost of infrastructure is raised to 75% in respect of units set up by ST entrepreneurs in
Scheduled areas
Application form (ANNEXURE: XV of Go.ms no 42)
For further details refer GO MS No 42 Industries and Commerce(IP Deprt) dated 5/5/2011
Designed and Developed by
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
Infrastructure Developments
◾ Details:
➤
Critical Infrastructure Balancing Scheme (CIBS)
Industrial Infrastructure Development Fund (IIDF)
ASIDE Scheme
Scheme for Financing Viable Infrastructure Projects through IIFCL (Revised)
Central Assistance to the State for the development of export Infrastructure and allied activities
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
Demographic
DEMOGRAPHIC PROFILE
State Capital
Hyderabad
Area of the State
114,840 Sq. Kms
Population (2001 Census)
3,51,93,978
Sex Ratio
978 (Females per 1000 Males)
Urban Percentage
39
Districts
Mahabubnagar,
                                                                    Ranga Reddy, Medak, Nizamabad, Karimanagar, Adilabad, Warangal, Khammam, Nalgonda
                                                                    and Hyderabad
Major cities
Hyderabad,Warangal,Karimnagar,Khammam,Nizamabad
Languages Spoken
Telugu, English, Urdu and Hindi
Major Rivers
Krishna, Godavari, Manjeera,Musi
Religions followed
Hinduism, Islam and Christianity
CLIMATE
Maximum Temperature
44.8 °C during summers.
Minimum Temperature
11.3 °C during winters.
Annual Rainfall (Average)
940 mm
INFRASTRUCTURE:
Railway
Railway Zone
Secunderabad- SC Railway HQ
Railway Divisions
Hyderabad and Secunderabad
Road
Total road network
Number of National Highways
State Highways
Airways
International Airports
Shamshabad
Domestic Airports

Air Connections
International
From:
To:
National
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
Frequently Asked Questions
1. How business can be conducted by a foreign company in India?
· Liaison/representative office
· Project Office
· Branch Office
· 100% Wholly owned subsidiary
· Joint venture company
3. How does a foreign company invest in India?
· Automatic Approval - by the country's Central Bank, the
Reserve Bank of India (RBI),
· Through the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB)
4. How are 100% Export Oriented Units (EOUs) registered?
5. Is investment by Non-Resident Indians (NRIs) permitted?
6. What proposals require an Industrial License (IL) and how is it obtained?
reserved for the Small Scale Sector
Schedule I:
Industries Reserved for the Public Sector
Schedule II: Industries for which Industrial Licensing is Compulsory
i. Distillation and brewing of alcoholic drinks.
form IL-FC
SIA
8. How is the value of plant & machinery computed?
9. What is a woman enterprise and what are the benefits provided to it by the
                                                                            Government?
SIDBI
10. Can an industry be set up under self-employment?
11. Who will assist in identifying the activity?
12. What steps are required for identifying the activity?
13. Where is market information available?
14. How can market potential be ascertained?
15. Which are the agencies providing financial assistance?
16. What are the eligibility criteria for getting a loan?
17. How much money the entrepreneur is required to invest out of his own resources?
18. What is the cost of borrowing money?
19. What is the procedure for getting a loan?
20. How is a Project Report prepared?
21. Is there any standard model for preparing the project report?
22. Is a model project report available?
23. Which agency assists in preparation of Project Report?
24. What details are required for preparation of Project Report?
25. Which are the agencies providing training?
26. Are there institutions providing consultancy for development or setting
                                                                            up of project?
27. Which institutions provide details of pollution control guidelines?
28. Does any agency help in promoting exports?
29. What is single window? And how it is useful?
30. What are scarce raw materials? How they can be procured?
31. MSMED act 2006
· Came into force from 2nd October,2006
· Govt of A.P issued G.O.Ms 311 dt 14.11.2006 for implementation of this act
· Enterprises are classified as manufacturing and Service enterprises
· Investment limit enhanced
· Two stage registration of enterprises is replaced by submission of Entrepreneur
                                                                        Memorandums (EM)
· Mandatory for filing EM for a medium scale manufacturing enterprises. It is optional
                                                                        in case of other enterprises
· The EM Application is in two parts i.e Part I and Part II. Part I has to be filed
                                                                        before the commencement of production and Part II after the commencement of production
· Acknowledgements for EM application shall be given within 1 day in case of applications
                                                                        filed in person and within 5 days incase of applications filed by post
· There is no fee for processing the memorandum.
Prior to MSMED act
Under MSMED act
Category
Investment Limit
Investment limit
Manufacturing enterprises
Service enterprises
Tiny units
Rs. 10 lakhs in P&M
Micro enterprises
Rs. 25 lakhs
Upto Rs.10 lakhs
SSI
Rs. 100 lakhs in P&M
Small enterprises
Rs. 25 lakhs to Rs. 5 crores in P&M
Rs. 10 lakhs to Rs. 2 crores
Spl 140 products like pharma, garments, hand tools, stationery
Rs. 500 lakhs in P&M
Medium enterprises
Rs. 5 - 10 crores
Rs. 2 - 5 crores
SSSBE
Rs.10 Lakhs in fixed assets
33. Industrial Facilitation Council
Ø Industry Facilitation Council has been constituted under the Interest on the delayed
                                                                        payments to Small Scale and Ancillary Industrial Undertakings Act 32/93 (subsequent
                                                                        amendment of 23/98.). Based on this Act, in A.P. constituted APIFC in 1999 and started
                                                                        functioning from 2000
Ø The main aim of the APIFC to assess the effectiveness in talking the problems
                                                                        of delay payments to SSI and Ancillary Industrial Undertakings. APIFC proceedings
                                                                        being conducted on every Monday of the month (working day).
Ø “Micro Small and Medium Enterprises Development (MSMED) Act. 2006 is in force
                                                                        w.e.f. 02-10-2006 and the Government is yet to formulate Industrial Facilitation
                                                                        Council as per the new act.
Ø Micro & Small Enterprises Facilitation Council Constituted under MSMED act
                                                                        2006
Delayed Payments Act to Micro & Small Enterprises
Previous Act
Change as per MSMED Act
Liability of buyer to make payment - period
90 days
45 days
Rate of interest payable on outstanding amount
Compound interest with monthly rests, at 1½ times bank rate
Compound interest with monthly rests, at 3 times bank rate

Telangana Industries
:: Welcome ::
Department of Industries
Welcome
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
NIC Codes
Contact
Key Sites
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres

Critical Infrastructure Balancing Scheme
Critical Infrastructure Balancing Scheme (CIBS)
Application Form for Assistance
                                                            from CIBF
Designed and Developed by
:: TS-iPASS ::
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
You are here
TSiPASS : The “Telangana State Industrial Project Approval
The Telangana Government has enacted the “Telangana State Industrial Project Approval and Self-Certification System (TS-iPASS) Act, 2014” (Act No.3 of 2014) for speedy processing of applications for issue of various clearances required for setting up of industries at a single point based on the self-certificate provided by the entrepreneur and also to create investor friendly environment in the State of Telangana.
The Salient features of the TS-iPASS are:
All departments connected for establishing and operation of an Enterprise brought under purview of TS-iPASS.
Time Limits set for each approval varying from 1 day to a maximum of 30 days depending upon on the complexity of the approval.
Pre-Scrutiny of the applications at State Level and District Level to assist the entrepreneurs in a proper submission of applications and to avoid delay in processing the files by the departments.
Making mandatory for the Competent Authorities to seek shortfall/additional information required, if any, only once, within three days from receipt of the application.
Empowering the Entrepreneurs with Right to clearances under TS-iPASS, to know the reasons for delay if any in getting the clearance within time limits and penalizing the officers responsible for the delay.
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
TS-iPASS
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
Welcome to TS-iPass
Hon’ble Minister Sri K.T.Rama Rao invited the Daegu Automotive Industry reps to
                                visit Telangana state & evaluate investment opportunities. Mr Choi Woon Back, Director
                                General,
Hon’ble Minister Sri K T RAMA RAO meets Mr Anthony Fernandes, CEO and Ms Aireen
                                Omar, Dy CEO of AirAsia Berhad at the Telangana pavilion at World Economic Forum,
The Telangana delegation headed by Hon’ble Minister Sri K T RAMA RAO meets Ms Petra
                                Laux, Head Global and Public Affairs Novartis at the state pavilion Davos,
Hon’ble Minister Sri. K.T.Rama Rao Business meeting with Takuma Co. Ltd, Japan -
                                Exploring waste management and smartcity
Hon’ble Minister Sri. K.T.Rama Rao Business meeting with with ISE Foods Inc., Japan
                                for investements in Food processing and Renewable sectors
Minister Sri. K.T.Rama Rao along with a team of delegates from Telangana state met
                                Mr. Mitsunobu Yamamoto, Deputy Director, Minebea Corporation, Japan
Minister Sri. K.T.Rama Rao met with Mr. Shinya Katafuchi, Meiji Seika Pharma in
                                Japan on 17-01-2018. Meiji Seika Pharma Co., Ltd. handles business in manufacturing
                                and sales of ethical pharmaceuticals, agricultural chemicals and veterinary drugs
Announcements
MEDHA SERVO DRIVES to setup Rail/Metro Coach Factory in Telangana with an investment of Rs.800 Crore  |  Gemini Edibles and Fats India (P) Ltd to invest Rs.200 Crore in Telangana (Yadadri District) for its Freedom Brand Edible Oil  |  Hon'ble Minister Sri. K.T. Rama Rao will be releasing the 2016-17 Annual Progress Report of Telangana Industries & Commerce department on 12th June 2017 at Tourism Plaza Hotel, Begumpet, Hyderabad.  |  Medical Devices Park at Sultanpur village, Patancheru Mandal to be launched  on 17th June 2017  |  Telangana State Ranks First in Ease of Doing Business-2016 with 98.78% score  |  Hon'ble Chief Minister Sri.K. Chandrasekar Rao has launched TS-iPASS  |  Telangana State Hon'ble Chief Minister Sri.K. Chandrasekar Rao has launched Telangana Industrial Policies  |
The Telangana Government has enacted the “Telangana State Industrial Project Approval and Self-Certification System (TS-iPASS) Act, 2014” (Act No.3 of 2014) for speedy processing of applications for issue of various clearances required for setting up of industries at a single point based on the self-certificate provided by the entrepreneur and also to create investor friendly environment in the State of Telangana.
Registration
Facebook
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
:: Welcome ::
Department of Industries
Welcome
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
NIC Codes
Contact
Key Sites
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres

For NRI'S
Name of NRI :
*
Email Id :
Contact No :
To :
Query Description :
Designed and Developed by
TS-iPASS
Call us: 040-23441636
Sri. K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri. K. T. Rama Rao
Hon'ble Minister for Industries
Menu
Home
About Us
Services
TS-iPass Certificate Verification
Incentive
Raw Material Allocation
Grievance/Feedback
Investor Facilitation Cell
Udyog Aadhaar
Mis Reports
Related Departments
Information Wizard
Act & Rules
Business Regulations
Contact us
Login
Questionnaire - Consent for Establishment
*
1. Project
                                Details
2. Project Financials
3. Project Requirements
1.
Name of Unit
:

2.
Constitution of the unit
--Select--
Proprietary
Partnership
Pvt Ltd
Public Limited
Co-Operative
LLP
Trust
3.
Whether land purchased from TSIIC
Yes
No
4.
Proposed Location
--District--
Adilabad
Asifabad
Bhupalpally
Gadwal
Hyderabad
Jagtial
Jangaon
Kamareddy
Karimnagar
Khammam
Kothagudem
Mahabubabad
Mahbubnagar
Mancherial
Medak
Medchal
Nagarkurnool
Nalgonda
Nirmal
Nizamabad
Peddapalli
Rangareddy
Sangareddy
Siddipet
Sircilla
Suryapet
Vikarabad
Wanaparthy
Warangal - Rural
Warangal - Urban
Yadadri
5.
Total Extent of Land
Acre
Sq. yard
Sq.feet
Hectare
Square Meter
--Mandal--
Acres
Gunthas
--Village--
In Square Meters
6.
Location of the unit
7.
Built up Area (Including Parking Cellars)
8.
Line of Activity
Building & Construction Projects more than 20,000 Sq.mtrs built-up area having discharge more than 100 KLD - Red
Block making of printing without foundry (excluding wooden block making) - White
Diesel pump repairing and servicing ( complete mechanical dry process) - White
Mineral stack yard / Railway sidings - Green
Polythene and plastic processed products manufacturing(Virgin Plastic) - Green
Ready mix cement concrete - Green
Solar power generation through solar photovoltaic cell, wind power and mini hydel power more than 25 MW - Green
Airports and Commercial AirStrips - Red
Almirah,  Grill      Manufacturing (DryMechanical Process) - Orange
Aluminium & copper extraction from scrap  using  oil  fired  furnace  (dry process only) - Orange
Aluminium Smelter - Red
Aluminium utensils from aluminium circles by pressing only (dry mechanical operation) - Green
Asbestos and asbestos basedindustries - Red
Assembly of air coolers /conditioners ,repairing and servicing - White
Assembly of bicycles ,baby carriages and other small non motorizing vehicles  - White
Automobile Manufacturing(integrated facilities) - Red
Automobile servicing, repairing andpainting       (excluding only fuel dispensing) - Orange
Ayurvedic and homeopathic medicine        - Orange
Ayurvedic and homeopathic medicines (without boiler) - Green
Bailing (hydraulic press)of waste papers - White
Bakery /confectionery /sweets products (with production capacity <l tpd (with gas or electrical oven) - Green
Bakery and confectionery units with production capacity> 1 TPD.  ( Withovens / furnaces) - Orange
Basic chemicals and electrochemicals and its derivativesincluding manufacturing of acid - Red
Bi-axially oriented PP film along with metalizing operations  - Green
Bio fertilizer and bio-pesticides without using inorganic chemicals  - White
Biomass briquettes (sun drying) without using toxic hazardous wastes - Green
Biscuits trays etc from rolled PVC sheet (using automatic vacuum forming machines) - White
Blending and packing of tea - White
Blending of mela mine resins & different powder, additives by physical mixing - Green
Brass and bell metal utensils manufacturing from circles(dry mechanical operation without re-rolling facility)  - Green
Brickfields  ( excluding fly ash brick manufacturing using lime process) - Orange
Building  and  construction  project more than 20,000 sq. m built up area - Orange
Building and Construction projects with waste water more than 100 KLD - Red
Candy  - Green
Cardboard or corrugated box and paper products (excluding paper or pulp manufacturing and without using boilers)  - Green
Carpentry & wooden furniture manufacturing (excluding saw mill) with the help of electrical (motorized) machines such  as electrical wood planner, steel saw cutting circular blade, etc - Green
Cashew nut processing                                   - Orange
Cement - Red
Cement products (without using asbestos / boiler / steam curing) like pipe ,pillar, jafri, well ring, block/tiles etc.(should be done in closed covered shed to control fugitive emissions) - Green
Ceramic colour manufacturing by mixing & blending only (not using boiler and wastewater recycling process)  - Green
Ceramics and Refractories - Orange
Chalk making from plaster of Paris ( only casting without boilers etc. ( sun drying / electrical oven) - White
Chanachur and ladoo from puffed and beaten  rice( murl  and shira) using husk fired oven - Orange
Chilling plant and ice making without using ammonia - Green
Chilling plant, cold storage and ice making  - Green
Chlor Alkali - Red
Chlorates, per-chlorates &peroxides - Red
Chlorine, fluorine, bromine,iodine and their compounds - Red
CO2 recovery - Green
Coal  washeries                                        - Orange
Coated electrode manufacturing            - Orange
Coffee seed processing                                  - Orange
Coke briquetting ( sun drying)  - Green
Coke making, liquefaction, coal tar distillation or fuel gas making - Red
Common Treatment and disposal facilities (CETP, TSDF, E- Waste recycling, CBMWTF,Effluent conveyance project, incinerators, Solvent/ Acid recovery plant, MSW sanitary landfill tes, STP) - Red
Compact  disc  computer  floppy  and cassette manufacturing / Reel manufacturing - Orange
Compressed oxygen gas from crude liquid oxygen ( without use of any solvents and by maintaining pressure & temperature only for separation of other gases) - White
Copper Smelter - Red
Cotton  spinning  and  weaving (medium and large scale)                                                                                                                                                       - Orange
Cotton and woolen hosiers making ( Dry process only without any dying / washing operation) - White
Cotton spinning an. weaving (small scale)  - Green
Cutting, sizing and polishing of marble stone - Green
Dairy and dairy products  ( small scale)         - Orange
Dal Mills  - Green
Decoration of ceramic cups and plates by electric furnace  - Green
DG Set of capacity > 5 MVA - Red
DG set of capacity >1MVA but< SMVA          - Orange
Digital printing on PVC clothes - Green
Dismantling of rolling stocks (  wagons/coaches)                                                                                                                                                                                    - Orange
Distilled water ( without boiler) with electricity as source of heat  - Green
Distillery ( molasses / grain /yeast based) - Red
Dry   coal        processing,       mineral processing,    industries      involving ore         sintering,           pelletisating,  Grinding and Pulverisation - Orange
Dry Cell Battery (excluding manufacturing of electrodes) and assembling  & Changing of acid lead battery on micro scale - Orange
Dyes and Dye- Intermediates - Red
Electric lamp ( bulb) and GE manufacturing by assembling only - White
Electrical and electronic item assembling ( completely dry process) - White
Emery powder ( fine dust of sand) manufacturing - Green
Engineering and fabrication units (dry process without any heat treatment / metal surface finishing operations / painting) - White
Facility of handling, storage and transportation of food grains in bulk - Green
Fermentation Industry including water        polluting manufacture    of      yeast,        beer, distillation      of    alcohol      (Extra Neutral Alcohol)                                                                                                                                                        - Orange
Ferrous    and  Non-  ferrous    metal    extraction     involving        different     furnaces through melting, refining, re-processing,  casting  and  alloy-making                                                                                                                                                                               - Orange
Fertilizer (basic) (excludingformulation) - Red
Fertilizer (granulation/ formulation/ Blending only) - Orange
Fibre glass production andprocessing (excluding moulding) - Red
Fire crackers manufacturing and bulk storage facilities - Red
Fish feed, poultry feed and cattle feed         - Orange
Fish processing and packing (excluding chilling of fishes)                                                                                                                                                                 - Orange
Flakes  from  rejected PET bottle              - Orange
Flavoured betel nuts production/ grinding ( completely dry mechanical operations) - White
Flour mills (dry process) - Green
Fly ash bricks/ block manufacturing - White
Flyash export, transport & disposal facilities - Green
Foam manufacturing                                       - Orange
Food and food processing including fruits and vegetable processing - Orange
Forging of ferrous and non- ferrous metals  ( using oil  and  gas fired furnaces) - Orange
Formulation/palletization of camphor tablets,naphthalene balls from camphor/ naphthalene powders - Orange
Formulation/petletization of camphor tablets,naphthalene balls camphor/ naphthalene powders - Orange
Fountain pen manufacturing by assembling only - White
Glass , ceramic, earthen potteries, tile and tile manufacturing using electrical kiln or not Involving fossil fuel kiln - Green
Glass ampules and vials making from glass tubes - White
Glass ceramics, earthen potteries and  fired kilns, coating on glasses usingcerium    fluorides    and magnesiumfluoride etc - Orange
Glass putty and sealant ( by mixing with machine only) - White
Glass, Ceramic, Earthen Potteries and Tile manufacturing, using oil or gas fired Kiln, Coating on glasses using Cerium Fluoride, Magnesium Fluoride etc - Orange
Glue from starch (physical mixing) with gas / electrically operated oven /boiler - Green
Gold and silver smithy (purification with acid, smelting operating and sulfuric acidpolishing operation) (using less than or equal to 1 litre of Sulphuric Acid / Nitric Acid permonth. - Green
Gravure printing, digital printing on flex, vinyl                                                                                                                                                                             - Orange
Ground nut decorticating - White
Handloom/ carpet weaving ( without dying and bleaching operation) - White
Health-care Establishment ( as defined in BMW Rules) - Red
Heat treatment using oil fired furnace   ( without cyaniding)                                                                                                                                                         - Orange
Heat treatment with any of the new technology like ultrasound probe, induction hardening, Ionization beam, gas carburizing etc - Green
Hot mix plants                                          - Orange
Hotels (3 Star & above) and Hotels having 100 rooms and above - Red
Hotels (up to 20 rooms and without boilers)  - Green
Hotels having overall waste- water generation (di 100 KLD and more. - Red
Hotels(< 3 star) or hotels having> 20rooms and less than 100 rooms - Orange
Ice cream - Orange
Industrial carbon including electrodes and graphite blocks,activated carbon, carbon black - Red
Industries    engaged   in    recycling / reprocessing/       recovery/reuse    of   Hazardous Waste under schedule  iv of HW ( M, H& TBM) rules, 2008 - Items namely Used Oil - As per specifications prescribed from time  to time. - Orange
Industries    engaged   in    recycling / reprocessing/       recovery/reuse    of  Hazardous Waste under schedule iv of  HW( M, H& TBM) rules, 2008 - Items namelyWaste  Oil  ---As  per specifications from time to time - Orange
Industries  engaged in  recycling/ reprocessing/      recovery/reuse of Hazardous Waste under schedule iv HW( M, H& TBM) rules, 2008 - Items namely -Paint and ink Sludge/residues - Orange
Industries engaged  in recycling/reprocessing/    recovery/ reuse of Hazardous Waste under schedule iv of HW( M, H& TBM) rules, 2008 -  Items  namely  - Brass  Dross,Copper  Dross,Copper Oxide  Mill Scale,Copper Reverts, Cake & Residues, Waste Copper and copper  alloys in dispersible form, Slags   from  copper processing for further  processing or  refining, Insulated Copper Wire Scrap/copper with PVC sheathing including ISRI-code material  namely "Druid" Jelly filled Copper  cables "Zinc  Dross-Hot dip  GalvanizersSLAB, Zinc  Dross-Bottom Dross, Zinc   ash/Skimming  arising   from galvanizing     and     die        casting operations, Zinc     ash/Skimming/ other zinc bearing    wastes   arising         from smelting and refining, Zinc  ash and  residues including zinc alloy   residues in  dispersible from, - Orange
Industries engaged in recycling / reprocessing/ recovery/reuse of Hazardous Waste underschedule iv of HAY( Nil, Htlz TBM) rules, 2008 - Items namely - Spent catalyst containing nickel, cadmium, Zinc, copper, arsenic, vanadium and cobalt, - Red
Industries engaged in recycling / reprocessing/ recovery/reuse of Hazardous Waste underschedule iv of HW( M, H& TBM) rules, 2008 - Items namely -Dismantlers RecyclingylantsComponents of waste electricaland electronic assemblescomprising accumulators andother batteries included on listA, mercury-switches, activated glass cuilets from cathode-ray tubes and other activated glass and PCB-capacitors, or any other component contaminated withSchedule 2 constituents (e.g.cadmium, mercury, lead,polychlorinated biphenyl) to an extent that they exhibit hazard characteristics indicated in partC of this Schedule. - Red
Industries engaged in recycling / reprocessing/ recovery/reuse of Hazardous Waste underschedule iv of HW( M, H& TBM) rules, 2008 - Items namely -Spent cleared metal catalystcontaining copper„Spent cleared metal catalystcontaining zinc„ - Red
Industries engaged in recycling /reprocessing/ recovery/reuse ofHazardous Waste under schedule iv of HW( M, H& TBM) rules, 2008 -Items namely -Integrated Recycling Plants -Components of waste electrical and electronic assembles comprisingaccumulators and other batteriesincluded on list A, mercury-switches, activated glass cutletsfrom cathode-ray tubes and other activated glass and PCB-capacitors,or any other componentcontaminated with Schedule 2constituents (e,g, cadmium,mercury, lead, polychlorinatedbiphenyl) to an extent that theyexhibit hazard characteristicsindicated in part C of this Schedule. - Red
Industries engaged in recycling /reprocessing/ recovery/reuse ofHazardous Waste under schedule iv of HW{ M, H& TBM) rules, 2008 -items namely -Lead acid battery plates and otherlead scrap/ashes/residues notcovered under Batteries  (Management and Handling) Rules, 2001. [ * Battery scrap, namely:Lead battery plates covered by ISRI, Code word "Rails" Battery lugscovered by ISR1, Code word "Rakes". Scrap drained/dry while intact, lead batteries covered by ISRI, Code word "rains". - Red
Industry   or      processes   involving   foundry operations                                                                                                                                            - Orange
Industry or process involving'metal surface treatment orprocess such as pickling/electroplating/paint stripping/heat treatment using cyanidebath/ phosphating or finishingand anodizing / enamellings/galvanizing - Red
Insulation and other coated papers (excluding paper or pipe manufacturing)  - Green
Iron & Steel (involvingprocessing from ore/ integrated steel plants) and or Sponge Iron units - Red
Isolated storage of hazardouschemicals (as per schedule of manufacturing, storage ofhazardous chemicals rules ;1989as amended) - Red
Jute processing without dyeing - Orange
Lead acid batterymanufacturing(excluding assembling and charging of lead- acid battery in micro scale)' - Red
Leather cutting and stitching (more than 10 machine and using motor) - White
Leather foot wear and leather products (excluding tanning and hide processing except cottage scale) - Green
Lime   manufacturing  (using      lime kiln) - Orange
Liquid    floor   cleaner,   black  phenyl, liquid   soap,   glycerol     mono-stearate  manufacturing - Orange
Lubricating oil, greases or petroleum based products (only blending at nomad temperature) - Green
Manufacturing    of  tooth  powder, toothpaste, talcum powder and other cosmetic items - Orange
Manufacturing of coir items from coconut husks - White
Manufacturing of explosives,detonators, fuses includingmanagement and handlingactivities - Red
Manufacturing of glass                             - Orange
Manufacturing of glue andgelatin - Red
Manufacturing of iodized salt fromcrude/ raw salt - Orange
Manufacturing of lubricating oils ,grease and petroleum based products - Red
Manufacturing of metal caps containers etc - White
Manufacturing of mirror from sheet glass                                                                                                                                                                          - Orange
Manufacturing of mosquito repellent coil                                                                                                                                                                                 - Orange
Manufacturing of optical lenses (using electrical furnace) - Green
Manufacturing of paintsvarnishes, pigments andintermediate (excludingblending/ mixing) - Red
Manufacturing of pasted veneers using gas fired boiler or thermic fluid heater and by sun drying - Green
Manufacturing of shoe brush and wire brush - White
Manufacturing of Silica Gel - Orange
Manufacturing of Starch/Sago                - Orange
Mechanized  laundry  using oil firedboiler - Orange
Medical oxygen - White
Milk processes and dairyproducts(integrated project) - Red
Mineralized water - Green
Modular    wooden    furniture  from particle board, MDF< swan timber etc, Ceiling tiles/ partition board from saw dust,  wood  chips etc.,  and  other   agricultural     waste   using synthetic adhesive resin, wooden box making ( With boiler) - Orange
New highway construction project         - Orange
Non-alcoholic              beverages(soft drink)  &  bottling  of  alcohol/ non alcoholic products                                                                                                                                                    - Orange
Nuclear power plant - Red
Oil &  Gas  extraction including  CBM (offshore  & onshore extraction through drilling wells) - Red
Oil and gas transportation pipeline - Green
Oil mill ghani & extraction ( no hydrogenation / refining) - Green
Oil Refinery (mineral Oil or Petro Refineries) - Red
Organic and inorganic nutrients ( by physical mixing) - White
Organic Chemicalsmanufacturing - Red
Organic manure (manual mixing) - White
Packing materials manufacturing from non asbestos fibre vegetable fibre yarn - Green
Packing of powdered milk - White
Packing of powdered mill - Green
Paint blending-and mixing (Ball mill) - Orange
Paints and varnishes (mixing andblending) - Orange
Paper pins and u clips - White
Parboiled Rice Mills                                    - Orange
Pesticides (technical} (excludingformulation) - Red
Petrochemicals (Manufacture of and not merely use of as raw material) - Red
Petrochemicals Manufacturing (including processing ofEmulsions of oil and water ) - Red
Pharmaceutical Formulation for R & D purpose (for sustained release/extended release of drugs only and not for commercial purpose)  - Orange
Pharmaceuticals - Red
Phenyl/toilet cleaner formulation and bottling - Green
Phosphate rock processing plant. - Red
Phosphorous and its compounds - Red
Photographic film and itschemicals - Red
Ply-board  manufacturing (includingVeneer and laminate) with oil firedboiler/ thermlc   fluid    heater(withoutresin plant) - Orange
Ports and harbour, jetties anddredging operations - Red
Potable alcohol ( IMFL) by blending,bottling of alcohol products - Orange
Power generation plant [exceptWind and Solar renewablepower plants of all capacities and Mini Hyde! power plant of capacity <25MW[ - White
Power looms (without dye and bleaching) - Green
Printing ink manufacturing - Orange
Printing or etching of glass sheet usinghydrofluoric acid - Orange
Printing press                                              - Orange
Processes involving chlorinatedhydrocarbons - Red
Producer gas plant using conventional   up drift coal gasification (  linked to  rolling mills glass and ceramic industry  refectories for dedicated fuel supply) - Orange
Puffed rice (muri) (using gas or electrical heating system) - Green
Pulp & Paper ( Large-Agro + wood) , Small Pulp &Paper ( agro based-wheatstraw/rice husk) - Red
Pulp & Paper ( waste paper based units with bleaching process tomanufacture writing & printingpaper) - Red
Pulp & Paper ( waste paper based without bleaching process tomanufacture Kraft paper) - Red
Pulverization of bamboo and scrap wood  - Green
Railway locomotive workshop/Integrated road transportworkshop/Authoried servicecenters - Red
Repairing of electric motors and generators ( dry mechanical process) - White
Reprocessing      of           waste   plastic Including PVC                                                                                                                                                                                                           - Orange
Reprocessing of used oils and waste oils - Red
Reprocessing of waste cotton - Green
Rice mill (Rice hullers only) - Green
Rolling mill ( gas fired) and cold rolling mill  - Green
Rolling mill (oil or coal fired) and cold         rolling mill                                                                                                                                                                              - Orange
Rope (plastic and cotton) - White
Rubber goods industry (with gas operated baby boiler) - Green
Saw mills - Green
Scientific and mathematical instrument manufacturing - White
Seasoning of wood in steam heated chamber - Green
Ship Breaking Industries - Red
Silk screen printing, sari printing by wooden blocks - Orange
Slaughter house (as pernotification S.O.270(E)dated26.03.2001)and meat processingindustries, bone mill, processing of animal horn, hoofs and other body parts - Red
Soap manufacturing (hand made,without steam boiling / boiler)  - Green
Solar module non conventional energy apparatus manufacturing unit - White
Solar power generation through solar photovoltaic cell, wind power and mini hydel power (less than 25 MW)  - White
Spice grinding (>20 hp motor) - Green
Spice grinding (upto-20 HP motor) - Green
Spray  painting,  paint  baking, paint shipping                                                                                                                                                                                 - Orange
Steel  and  steel products  using various furnaces like blast furnace  open hearth     furnace/ induction furnace/ arc furnace/ submerged                                                                                                                                                                                        arc furnace /basic oxygen furnace/hot rolling reheated furnace                                                                                                                      - Orange
Steel furniture without spray painting - Green
Steeping and processing of grains - Green
Stone crushers                                           - Orange
Sugar ( excluding Khandsari) - Red
Surgical  and   medical     products  including prophylactics and latex - Orange
Surgical and medical products assembling only (not involving effluent / emission generating processes) - White
Surgical and medical products not involving effluent / emission generating processes. - Green
Synthetic        rubber       excluding molding                                                                                                                                                                                           - Orange
Synthetic detergent formulation - Green
Synthetic detergents and soaps/excluding formulation)                                                                                                                                              - Orange
Synthetic fibers including rayon ,tyre cord, polyester filamentyarn - Red
Synthetic resins                                            - Orange
Tamarind powder manufacturing - Green
Tanneries - Red
Tea processing ( with boiler)  - Green
Tephlon based products                            - Orange
Thermal Power Plants - Red
Thermo Meter Manufacturing - Orange
Thermocol  manufacturing  (with boiler) - Orange
Tobacco products including cigarettes and tobacco/ opium processes  - Orange
Transformer repairing/ manufacturing( dry process only) - Orange
Tyres  and  tubes  vulcanization/  hot retreating - Orange
Tyres and tube retreating (without boilers)  - Green
Vegetable        oil         manufacturing  solvent   extraction    and  refinery /hydrogenated  oils                                                                                                                                                    - Orange
Wire drawing and wire netting                      - Orange
Yarn / Textile processinginvolving any effluent/emission generating processes includingbleaching, dyeing, printing andcolouring - Red
Zinc Smelter - Red
9.
Type of Enterprise
Manufacturing
Service
10.
Pollution Category of Enterprise
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy
Last Update : 14-06-2018
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
ul
        {
            list-style: none;
            margin: 0px;
            padding: 0px;
        }
MINUTES OF THE 28th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 04/07/2018
MINUTES OF THE 27th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 20/06/2018
MINUTES OF THE 26th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 30/05/2018
MINUTES OF THE 25th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 16/05/2018
MINUTES OF THE 24th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 25/04/2018
MINUTES OF THE 23th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 04/04/2018
MINUTES OF THE 22th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 14/03/2018
MINUTES OF THE 21th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 21/02/2018
MINUTES OF THE 20th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 31/01/2018
MINUTES OF THE 19th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 10/01/2018
MINUTES OF THE 18th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 13/12/2017
MINUTES OF THE 17th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 08/11/2017
MINUTES OF THE 16th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 23/10/2017
MINUTES OF THE 15th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 12/09/2017
MINUTES
                OF THE 14th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 22/06/2017
MINUTES
                OF THE 13th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 30/03/2017
MINUTES
                OF THE 12th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 17/12/2016
MINUTES OF THE 11th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 31/08/2016
MINUTES OF
                THE 10th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 23/07/2016
MINUTES
                OF THE 9th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 22/04/2016
MINUTES OF THE 8th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 08/01/2016
MINUTES OF THE 7th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 30/10/2015
MINUTES
                OF THE 6th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 10/09/2015 AT 12.00 NOON
MINUTES OF
                THE 5th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 25/05/2015 AT 11.30 AM
MINUTES OF
                THE 4th S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 05/03/2015 AT 3.00 PM
MINUTES OF
                THE 3rd S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 23/12/2014 AT 11.00 AM
MINUTES OF
                THE 2nd S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 24/10/2014 AT 3.00 PM
MINUTES OF
                THE 1st S.L.C. MEETING HELD ON 14/08/2014 AT 3.00 PM
102th SLC meeting held
                on 15/05/2014
101th SLC meeting held on 15/02/2014
100th
                SLC meeting held on 21/12/2013
99th SLC Minutes held
                on 30/10/2013
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP(98th GENERAL SLC) held on 14/08/2013
Investment
                        Subsidy
Stamp Duty
Land Cost
Pavala
                        Vaddi
Sales Tax
Power Cost
Mortgage
                        Duty
Land Conversion Charges
Transfer
                        Duty Charges
Interest
                        Subsidy
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP(97th GENERAL SLC) held on 20/05//2013
Mortgage Duty
Cleaner Production Charges
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP(97th SCST SLC) held on 20/05/2013
Investment Subsidy
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP(95th GENERAL SLC) held on 29/11/2012
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP(96th GENERAL SLC) held on 01/03//2013

List of Sanctioned Cases
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP
                    (98th GENERAL SLC) held on 14/08/2013
Stamp
                                    Duty
Pavala
                                    Vaddi
Sales
                                    Tax
Power
                                    Cost
Mortgage
                                    Duty
Land Conversion
                                    Charges
Transfer Duty Charges
Interest Subsidy
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP
                    (97th GENERAL SLC) held on 20/05//2013
Cleaner Production
                                    Charges
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP
                    (97th SCST SLC) held on 20/05/2013
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP
                    (95th GENERAL SLC) held on 29/11/2012
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP
                    (96th GENERAL SLC) held on 01/03//2013
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP
                    (96th SCST SLC) held on 1/3/2013
Land
                                    Cost
Financial Assistantunder IIDF
TSP Investment
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP
                    (95th SCST SLC) held on 29/11/2012
Quality Certification
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP
                    (94th GENERAL SLC) held on 24/09/2012
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP
                    (94th SCST SLC) held on 24/09/2012
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP(93
                    SLC) held on 26/06/2012
Investement Subsidy
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP
                    (92 SLC) held on 27/04/2012
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP(91
                    SLC) held on 24/02/2012
Investment Subsidy SCP/TSP
List of Sanctioned Cases under IIPP
                    (90th SLC) held on 08/12/2011
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres
Statement Showing The List of Units Sanctioned Under IIPP 2005-10 & IIPP 2010-15 Schemes
Consolidated Proceedings No. 20/1/2015/General/5672/5672/FD-1 Dated 11/06/2015
General Proceedings
Consolidated Proceedings No.20/1/2014/PT/1029/1029/FD  Dated 28/01/2015
Consolidated Proceedings No.20/1/2014/PVS/1026/1026/FD Dated 28/01/2015
Releases made under SC /ST Subplan
List of units for which amount credited-Supplementary grant-2015-16
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Key Sites
EM-Part-II Data
Contact
Welcome
There are four key industrial economic sectors: 
                    the primary sector, largely raw material extraction industries such as mining and farming; 
                    the secondary sector, involving refining, construction, and manufacturing 
                    the tertiary sector, which deals with services (such as law and medicine) and distribution of manufactured goods and the quaternary sector,
                    a relatively new type of knowledge industry focusing on technological research, 
                    design and development such as computer programming, and biochemistry.
Sri K.Chandrasekhar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister
Sri K.T.Ramarao
Hon'ble Minister of Industries
Industries
Map
state of Telangana map
Important Links
Tenders
Press Releases
GOs related to Industrial Promotion
Industrial Incentives
Key Websites
Business Guide
Key Contacts
Notifications
Latest
Textile policy
TS FOOD PROCESSING POLICY 2017
G.O.Ms.No.62-Ineligible List
G.O.Ms.No.77-Operational Guidelines-T-IDEA
G.O.Ms.No.78-Operational Guidelines-T-PRIDE-For SC/ST entrepreneurs
Industrial
                                Policy
Solar
                                Policy
Land Bank
Salient Features of New Industrial Policy
T- Idea
                                Scheme – 2014
T-Pride
                                Scheme – 2014
IIPP
                                2010-15 - Extension of Time Period
T-Pride
                                - Creating a cadre of SC/ ST Contractors
Quick Links
TS Industry News Letter -July 2018
TS Industry News Letter -April 2018
Annual Report
MSME
District Industries Center
Incentives
Micro Small And Medium Enterprises
Districts
Latest News
Policies
Textile Policy
TS Food Processing Policy
GO
G.O.M.S No 62- Ineligible List
Industrial Policy
Solar Policy
Sailent Features of New Industrial Policy
Schemes
T-Idea Scheme - 2014
T-Pride Scheme - 2014
IIPP 2010-15 Extension of time period
T-Pride - Creating a cadre of SC/ST Contractors
Telangana Industries
Telangana Industries Department
Toggle navigation
Home
State Profile
Industry Directory
RTI
FAQs
Contact
Quick Links
Industrial Incentives
Allotment of RawMaterials
Revival of Sick Units
Organization Profile
Infrastructure Development
Special Economic Zone
MSME
Export Promotion
Self Employment Scheme
Government Orders
District Industries Centres

TSP SCP Releases
TSP PRELJAN15 PT
TSP PVS
SCP REL JAN15 PVS
SCP REL JAN15 PT
SCP REL JAN 15 IS ST
TSP REL JAN15 ADV IS ST
Telangana Industries
