@Gov
@GOV.IN
TIPS FOR SAFE EMAIL
Guard Yourself against Phishing.
Change your password on regular basis as per the password policy.
Do not share your password with anyone.
Always remember to sign out properly after using your mail account.
Do not save or remember your password anywhere.
Use Anti-Virus software & update it on regular basis.
Update the operating system and application patches.
Use automatic reply only when needed.
Never open / respond any mail / attachment from unknown sender.
Never subscribe your email ID on unsafe locations (over internet).

1. Guard yourself against Phishing
Common email scams employ email messages and even websites that look official, but are in fact attempts to steal your identity to commit fraud. This is the activity commonly known as ëPhishingí.
Contact us immediately If anyone or a website demands personal email information/credentials  by calling us or sending a screenshot of the page to
support@gov.in
Make sure that the address in your browser is genuine and does belong to the website you need to access. Don't ever copy URLs from e-mails. Type out the URL in a new window.d)	Please check the Link /url while browsing whenever you access http://mail.nic.in , http://mail.gov.in or http://webmail.nic.in as shown in the image below.
Please check the Link /url while browsing whenever you access
https://mail.nic.in , https://mail.gov.in
https://webmail.nic.in
Never click on a link within an email requesting that you enter your username, password, etc. The link can also be malicious.
If you have any doubts about whether an email is real, contact us directly to double check. Do not open any 'fishy' emails. Delete immediately. Emails that have misspellings, poor graphics, or include a long cc list of other email addresses can be suspicious.
Install a web reputation filter on your desktop that alerts users to phishing websites.
Make sure that you have unique username and passwords for each account/website you regularly visit.
Never give out sensitive personal or account information to someone that asks via email unless you have verified the message's authenticity.
2. Change your password on regular basis as per the password policy.
It is recommended to change passwords on a regular basis . In order to know the steps How to change the password Go to the home page
http://mail.nic.in
http://mail.gov.in
3.	Do not share your password with anyone.
Don't share your password. Do not be duped by malicious e-mails asking you for your password. This is a well-known, trick designed to fool you into sharing your password. As a rule, never share it with anyone.
4.	Always remember to sign out properly after using your mail account.
Always log out of your email when finished, whether you are using web mail or POP mail. It is also recommended to log out whenever you have to leave your computer unattended for a considerable period of time.
5.	Do not save or remember your password anywhere.
Do not save / remember your password anywhere (say your browser, POP Client).
6.	Use Anti-Virus software & update it on regular basis.
It is also highly recommended to install and maintain a anti-virus software on your computer to prevent infection from USB drives, CDs or DVDs and so on. Make sure it is updated regularly.  Scan all attachments with a virus program before downloading/executing any, even if they come from someone you know.
Computers that are infected with spyware/key loggers record every word that users are typing, hence a daily scan is recommended.
7.	Update the operating system and application patches
Users need to ensure that their desktop/laptop has the latest operating system and application patches. If the patch levels are not updated, updated anti-virus software will not be able to prevent an infection. Both anti-virus and operating system patches need to work together.
8.	Use automatic reply only when needed.
It is savvy to turn off any automatic replies in your email client saying that an email has been read or received, because this confirms that the email address is a good one.  Spammers will then target your email as a priority and flood your inbox with even more unnecessary and potentially harmful mails.
9.	Never open / respond any mail / attachment from unknown sender.
If it happens that a few spam mails do manage to sneak through, make it a must to delete all them.  Replying / Opening such emails / attachments typically only informs the sender that they have found an active email address to send more spam emails or They may contain what are known as "letterbombs" or "viruses," which can damage your PC.
10. Never subscribe your email ID on unsafe locations (over internet).
Never subscribe your email address on any unsafe / fake website, they may try to flood your inbox or spammers will try to send bulk spam mails (which may contain virus).
In case of any query/assistance please contact us (24*7) at
Government Of India
Mail.Gov.In
@GOV.IN
Instruction for New User Registration
If you are a government employee (central or state) you can take a @Gov.in id. This id will be assigned to you at no cost.
Individuals can fill up the
single user
bulk user
If you have a website of your respective department and wish to get the id's created as userid@(website name) , the same can be assigned to you.
Accounts will be created as per the availability of the preferred Email ID. In case the preferred Email id is not available, NIC will assign the id as per the
Email address policy
The credentials will be sent to registered mobile number of the user.
When the user logins for the first time, an update "profile page" will be shown. Users are requested to kindly fill the same.
User will be required to change the password on the first login . Please follow the password policy due to security reasons.
For any query/assistance call us on 1800-111-555.
Government Of India
Mail.Gov.In
@GOV.IN
Forgot Password
PASSAPP
Forgot User ID
First name
Last Name
Phone Office
Designation
Department/Ministry/Organisation
Mobile Number
Office Postal Address
Date of Birth
Date of Retirement
Government Of India
@Gov
@GOV.IN
Frequently Asked Questions.
Q1
Why I can not send mails to NIC email addresses from NIC email account through my Blackberry?
Q2
What is the WebSite (Webpage) for accessing the 
                                        Email?
Q3
How to Configure POP/IMAP?
Q4
How to change the display preferences?
Q5
Blocked Attachment Types
Q6
Can I change the number of messages listed on the 
                                        screen at once in Webmail?
Q7
How to activate the vacation 
                                        message?
Q8
How to use the Address Book?
Q9
How to move the Particular folder contents to another 
                                        folder?
Q10
Can I use more than one email program to read my 
                                        email?
Q11
Why do I get messages replying to emails I never 
                                        sent?
Q12
How to sort all the mails in the Inbox in a specified 
                                        Order?
Q13
How to use Calendar function?
Q14
How to change the Email password?
Q15
I Can't Open Attachments in Outlook 
                                            Express
Q16
How to manage Mails?
Q17
How I can enable Hindi or Tamil language support?
Q18
How to use search tool?
Q19
How to use Instant Messaging?
Q20
How to configure Instant Messaging?
Q21
How to create a new folder?
Q22
How to create a new Filter?
Q23
Why the email address begins with admin word is not able to send or receive any mails?
Ans1
Why I can not send mails to NIC email addresses from NIC email account through my Blackberry:
The way BlackBerry sends a mail violates security policy of Govt of India.
Top
Ans2
WebSite (Webpage) for accessing the Email
http://mail.gov.in

Ans3
Please follow the link
Configure POP/IMAP
Ans4
Change the display preferences
Mail Display Preferences
Ans5
Ans6
Change the number of messages listed on the 
                                                                                    screen at once in Webmail
Mail Preferences
Click on link To Specify Mail Layout
Ans7
Activate the vacation message
Click on link To Set Vacation Messages
Ans8
Address Book
Ans9
Move 
                                                                                    the Particular folder contents to another folder
Moving Messages
Ans10
Use more than one email program to read email
Yes, you can, so long as you only use one at 
                                                                                a time. (For example you can use WebMail at home and Outlook Express at 
                                                                                work, but make sure that you close Eudora before you leave work)
Ans11
Why do I get messages replying to emails 
                                                                                        I never sent
This is usually caused by a virus infection, 
                                                                                most often on someone else machine. The virus trawls the infected machine 
                                                                                for email addresses which are then used to send out infected massages to 
                                                                                random recipients which appear to come from randomly chosen senders The 
                                                                                apparent senders may then get replies from the targeted recipients,or 
                                                                                failure messages if the emails could not be delivered for some 
                                                                                reason.There is little you can do about this other than always keeping 
                                                                                your own machine up-to-date with antivirus software and system updates.
Ans12
Sort 
                                                                                all the mails in the Inbox in a specified Order
Click on the respective INDEX(i.e. 
                                                                                From,Date,Subject..) to sort the mails in the specified order
Ans13
Click on the Calendar tab in the mail window
                                                                                to open the Calendar page.
Calendar help
Please follow the link for Manage Calendars
Ans14
Change 
                                                                                the Email password
Change Password
Ans15
Can't Open Attachments in Outlook 
                                                                                    Express
If you cannot open 
                                                                                attachments while using the Outlook Express e-mail client, your security 
                                                                                settings may be too high. When you try to open attachments, you may see 
                                                                                the following message: ?OE removed access to the following unsafe 
                                                                                attachments in your mail.?
To check 
                                                                                    your e-mail security settings:
Open Outlook Express
Click on Tools in the menu, and scroll 
                                                                                                    down to Options
Click on the Security tab
Make sure ?Do not allow attachments to be 
                                                                                                            saved or opened that could potentially be virus? is UNCHECKED.
Click on the Apply button
Click on OK
Ans16
How to manage mails?
Managing mails
Ans17
How to enable Hindi and Tamil language support?
Language Preferences
Ans18
Using search Tool:
you can search through a 
                                                                                                                            specific folder for given criteria that match against different header 
                                                                                                                            fields. When you submit your data, the list of messages will come up below 
                                                                                                                            the search form. You can choose the message you wish to view, and read it 
                                                                                                                            just like a normal message
Search Messages
Ans19
Instant Messaging
Ans20
How to configure Instant messaging?
Ans21
Creating a new folder
For creating a new folder the user has 
                                                                                                                                            to login through browser(http://mail.nic.in). And please follow the link
Create Folder
Ans22
Creating a new Filter
For creating a new Filter the user has
                                                                                                                                            to login through browser(http://mail.gov.in). And please follow the link
Crealte Filter
Ans23
Why the email address begins with admin word is not able to send or receive any mails
Admin is the most common word used by hackers to draw the attention of users. The hackers are using such kind of words as sender for phishing mails and sending mails with malicious attachment. Hence neither do we create User ID begins with admin nor accept mails begins from such email ids.
Government Of India
