TTD 300 Rs/- Booking Information
Tirumala – Sri Venkateswara Swami Temple - TTD - Special Entry Darshan (SED Rs.300/-) booking service is enabled in  TSOnline Centers.
Residents of Telangana now can book Tirumala TTD Special Entry Darshan (Rs.300/-) tickets at TSOnline centers in the state of Telangana. This service is now launched on TSOnline services platform and is available at these 2500 plus service centers spread across the state.
Candidates wishing to book SED tickets should approach these centers with Photo Identity Proof (PAN Card/Aadhaar Card/Voter Id Card/Passport etc.) of all individual pilgrims. Tickets can be booked at these centers subject to the availability of the slots on the desired date and time of Darshan. Tickets indicating the details of timings of darshan printed will be issued to the pilgrims.
Two extra laddus (beyond the 2 laddus given to each SED pilgrim free of cost) can also be booked and paid for at the time of booking the Darshan Tickets.
Please note that the quota of tickets available for booking at these centers is limited and may change from time to time at the discretion of TTD authorities. Availability of Darshan slots on a particular day and time is not guaranteed for booking at TSOnline centers and will be different from the slots available for online booking at TTD’s website www.tirumala.org Currently, tickets for Darshan can be booked at TSOnline centers 120 days in advance which may be subject to change at the discretion of TTD.
Instructions to Pilgrims
Pilgrims
Shall provide valid Id-Proof details of all pilgrims and Mobile number of the primary pilgrim while booking ticket.
Are requested to verify all details on the screen before confirming the Ticket.
Shall carry a printed copy of the ticket and original Id Proof of all pilgrims while going for Darshan
Shall report at queue entry point in Tirumala as per the date and time mentioned on the ticket.
May find nearest
Ticket Booking Counters
For more details, please visit
TTD News
About TSOnline
TSOnline, is a division of APTOnline Limited, a joint venture of State Government and Tata Consultancy Services Limited. Established in 2002, the company has been providing digital services to residents of the state of Telangana since then. The company operates 2500 + service centers in the state and offers MeeSeva services along with many other citizen services at these centers. The company also provides IT, ITES, Digitization, e-Governance services to various departments of state government and local bodies. The company has also developed and is providing innovative solutions like Aadhar enabled payments for NREGS wage disbursals, Social security payments (Aasara) etc. in partnership with Department of Posts.
Important Links
Trains Timings at Tirupathi
https://www.cleartrip.com/trains/stations/TPTY
http://indiarailinfo.com/arrivals/tirupati-main-tpty/837
Accommodation booking at Tirupathi
http://www.tirumala.org/Current_Booking.aspx
Important places to visit In tirupati
http://www.transindiatravels.com/andhra-pradesh/tirupati/tourist-places-to-visit-in-tirupati
Temples in and around Tirupathi
tourism.intirupati.com/
Welcome to Telangana Portal
CHIEF MINISTER
Sri K Chandrashekar Rao
Hon'ble Chief Minister

Tirumala – Sri Venkateswara Swami Temple - TTD - Special Entry Darshan (SED Rs.300/-) booking service is enabled in  TSOnline Centers - click here
Telangana Legislative Assembly
Know more about Telangana Legislative Assembly
Click Here
Governor's Information
Know more about Telangana Governor...
Council of Ministers
Find details about the who's who of the Telangana Govt.
TOURISM
Telangana has a variety of tourist attractions..
Telangana Profile
Capital City
: Hyderabad
Area
: 114,840 Sq. Kms.
Districts
: 31
Households
: 83.58 Lakhs
Population
: 351.94 Lakhs
Telangana State Map
Quick Links
History
Language & Culture
Government Initiatives
CM Relief Fund
Telangana Districts
Photo Gallery
